[Music: Chris Allister &amp; Henk van der Laars]
[Lyrics &amp; vocal melody: Ian Parry]

Gradually he no longer hates the world, nor himself. 
Once the epitome of all that's evil, now is a guiding light. 
His reformation, to put right his wrong doings. 
Thus he is able, together with the strength from a kind heart, 
to search out the damaged souls from his wicked past. 
Not only to repay them in money, 
but also to give the reassurance and belief, 
that mankind has the ability to change for the good. 

[Verse]
Infantile dillusion, played the biggest part 
Anger caused confusion 
A childhood fear, of fear itself
Mere mortals playing god 
It's time to stop, feel the yearning 
Mother Nature's calling you, a metamorphosis working

[Bridge]
Your body's aching all the time 
A shadow lurking 
Your saviour's waiting in the wings

[Verse]
Night turns to day, only shame remains real 
Take their misery away, redeem 
Heal the pain they feel

[Bridge]
A chance to turn it all around, a time for sharing 
Bury your fears into the ground

[Chorus]
Met-a-morphosis 
Put your hatred aside, hear the calling 
Metamorphosis 
A transformation of kind forming, a season of good is dawning

[Middle-8]
Put away those evil thoughts 
Open up your heart and breathe

[Chorus]
Met-a-morphosis 
Put your hatred aside, hear the calling 
Metamorphosis 
A transformation of kind, a season of good is dawning 
Hear the calling, have no fear!

[Outro]
The cries of tomorrow, was all you could hear 
But the road you have chosen, has wiped away the tears 
Silence is golden - silence is real.

Story: 
Since the release of the State of Mind album, 
Elegy have achieved more in the past 12 months, 
than most Symphonic metal bands can only dream about. 

Not only did the band receive raving reviews about their new song writing style, 
including the perfect collaboration with singer Ian Parry, 
but everything from the production to the front cover of the album was positively commended. 
Their fans were also in agreement, because sales worldwide were in excess of 40,000 copies.

One of the main reasons for this was due to Elegy's very successful European tour, 
as guests of the Finnish band Stratovarius. 
More than 30,000 people covering 10 countries, 
came enthusiastically to each show and left ecstatically wanting more. 

Elegy continued their success in Japan, with 2 additional shows in Osaka and Tokyo, 
were their fans came out in abundance to experience Elegy's raw "in the face" 
exciting live show.

Now Elegy has taken this success story one giant step further, 
by recording at Area 51 studio's Celle Germany, a new concept album Manifestation of Fear 
(see additional story) 

The lyrical concept written by Ian Parry, have been masterfully crafted in music form by 
Henk van der Laars for the most, with contributions from Ian, 
Dirk Bruinenberg and newcomer to the band Chris Allister. 
Elegy decided that because of the enormous task of writing and arranging such a concept 
album, it was critical that the production be given the same skill and precision. 
Thus in joint-consultation with their record company Noise/T&amp;T, Elegy put their trust 
in the more than capable hands of Tommy Newton. 
Tommy Newton's background and expertise has made Manifestation of Fear, 
" The concept album of the '90's ", an album of epic proportion.

If you're looking for a metal album, with a wall of guitars, but still want to hear the 
vocalist soaring at least 3 octaves and a great song?then look no further. 
Manifestation of Fear has it all.

Already plans are in the making for a Co-Headlining tour of Europe, 
together with American metal suppremo's Kamalot, to start in September '98, 
shortly after the worldwide release of Manifestation of Fear in August.

The Story: A lyrical concept by Ian Parry

The following tale depicts the life of a vulnerable child born into a world of poverty and
despair. The scene is set in a typical overcroweded and run down industrial city. A
haven for ranks of the unemployed. A young and naive couple against all odds, ignore
the advice of others and secretly marry. Ignorance playing a major role in their futile
lives, their instincts sadly influenced, she is pregnant with their first child, while he
searches frantically for a means to support them. As time grows shorter, and his chances
slowly diminish, the pressure bears heavily on his brittle shoulders. 
Desperately he battles against his own weaknesses, trying to find strength within. 
No-longer can he smile, nor will his conscience give him the freedom to lie or cheat. 
Exhausted, weak and weary, he can't bear to face her. Passing a backstreet bar, 
he's easily enticed inside, while a stranger sensing his vulnerabilty, helps to alleviate him from the responsibilty for the
couple's last savings. Dumped in a drunken heap, and the stranger nowhere to be found,
the father struggles to his feet, as the alcohol suppresses his will to fight. 
Momentarily he sees a way out. A vantage point high on an empty bridge, peacefully he falls to his death.
Frightened of exposing her identity, she gives birth in a darkenend backroom. The innocent child free of pride or prejudice, begins it's long journey discovering life's
wonders, and tragically life's many weaknesses.


