Amidst the stars I have tread and throughout the Earth walked, I have roamed 
through dimensions of darkness. A journey through the infernal astral 
twilight, sailing across the stellar ocean.
Before death I was born on the cloud-veiled centre of this cosmic infinity, 
the throne of the cold void... (Before death I was born on the cloud-veiled 
centre of this cosmic infinity, the throne of the cold void... Before death 
I was born on the cloud veiled centre of this cosmic infinity, the throne of 
the cold void...)
I saw the transcending fury of death overcome the dim will of the light.
Oh divine, spectral essence of cosmos, grant me the mastery of black magick, 
Oh divine, spectral essence of cosmos, for thou art the origin and the end!
Harken: The proclamation of my longing, as the energy collides into a rain 
of burning tears! My silent melody unleashed upon the deaf to hear... My 
astral dimension, upon the blind to gaze...
Amidst the stars I have tread and throughout the Earth walked. A journey 
through the infernal astral twilight, sailing across the stellar ocean.
From the stars I came and to the stars I aim... (From the stars I came and 
to the stars I aim... From the stars I came and to the stars I aim...)
Where I once ruled and where day dost not follow night. Ceaseless is this 
vortex and limitless is now my lore...
O spirits of the great void abyss! Wherein the dimensional crown of chaos 
dost reign. Enslave mankind for thy wicked hunger... As with wisdom I 
conquer back my long forgotten throne, my long forgotten throne. (My long 
forgotten throne.)
Bloodstained is now the Earth, one with the essence are now those who with 
me shared this chalice of liquid wonder. Seekers of aeonic magick... Those 
spirits, of the great voidal abyss, wherein the dimensional cloud of chaos 
doth rain.
Oh Divine, spectral essence of cosmos, harken the proclamation of my 
longing! Bow down, at the origin, (bow down, at the origin).
Amidst the stars I have tread and roamed through dimensions of darkness. A 
journey through the infernal astral twilight, sailing across the stellar 
ocean, summoning the astral forces.

