The stroke of twelve and the bells start to toll again
I raise my blade to the moon, the ceremony begins
Drive it deep in the heart of the sacrificial lamb
Red candles cast shadows on my blood covered hands
To the beat of my heart
I drink the flask.
This spell of love hath now been cast.
My body jerks as the fluid courses my veins
Sweet visions of lust from inside of me
And I call her name...

Love Poison burning up my veins
Love Poison driving me insane
Love Poison could this be the end
Love Poison bathe in carnal sin

Vivid images flash
Of her body on mine;
Her silky skin,
And her filthy mind.
The open back
Of her evening gown,
Becons me close;
In her love I drown.
When I saw her dancing at the ball that night
I new some how, some way, that I would make her mine.
You may scorn the way
I've lured her to my bed this night,
But our senses tell a different tale of wrong and right.
Curling my fingers in ringlets of hair
Lingering like autumn leaves in the air.
Relish in the beauty of this delicate rose
From lascivious calves to her innocent toes.
As the snake charmer charms with serpent in hand
My marbled persona turns quickly to sand.
Her aura excites me as feelings cascade;
An erotic arrangement of sexual charades.
It's good
I'm a doctor, she clearly needs care
For the best diagnosis her shoulders are bared.
Armed with my tools I'm quickly to work
Probing my patient to find out what hurts.
Though the cure seems so distant I shall not relent
Armed with drive dedication and a strong instrument. "
This treatment seems rough," the young lady laments. "
Now open wide and take your supplement."
This time she's the master and I a foul slave,
So she beats me to teach:
I'm an insolent knave.
At times I'm confused mixing pleasure and pain,
But who am I to question sometimes they're the same.
It tickles a bit as I'm spread eagle tied,
When I feel the cold leather brush my inner thigh. "
This is for your own good," she screams as she scolds:
Bound, gagged, and shackled
I do as I'm told.
So far these stories are all in my mind
But thier reality will come in due time.

Love Poison burning up my veins
Love Poison tearing at my brain
Love Poison could this be the end

