Black shapes coagulate‘
Neath the empyrean sky.
A harvest moon rides lightly there
An omniscient midnight spy.
Amongst the stars appears a sign
A great dragon of seven heads,
Who tears out the eyes of Heaven
And with darkness fills their stead.
As the King of Tyre doth fall
We must head the angels’ call,
For they know temptation well,
But fear not the gates of Hell.
Phul’s wings spread o’erhead;
Seductive sprite with boots to the thigh.
The trees adore her gentle caress,
For in the wind you can hear their sighs.
See how the princess dances round in the trees
While the wind plays the willow song softly and sweet
Her mind full of love, completely at ease
Unaware of the storm rolling in from the east.
The black light from a cloud covered sky
Pierces the heart on this murderous night
And our heroine, the fair one, doth fall
To the sound of the howling wolves call.
See the creatures creep slowly from the ground
And gather the princess ‘round
With symbols anointing the ground
The maiden reborn as a fairy astounds.
Now the story shifts from the wooded site
To a differnt place on the same dark night
Bright eyes peering through the reeds and fronds
Watching a killer at work about a dreary pond.
Gaze up and behold the sky...
His victim struggles helplessly as he forces her to the ground.
She scratches at his arms, the struggle stops as she drowns.
He shows no emotion; no love, no lust, no pain, no regret.
The scratches on his arms; memories he’ll soon forget.
Gaze upward, behold the Empyrean Sky
Majestic darkness covers up the light.
Gaze upward, behold the Empyrean Sky
Close your eyes and listen to the night.
Remember the princess, the fairy born of the trees?
She senses this evil through the animals unease.
They ask her to help them rid the forest of the man,
The killer, unfeeling, the one who murders with his hands.
So the fairy flies, circling the swamp,‘
Till she comes upon the man with death on his hands.
The midnight spy looks down upon the weary man
And sees a confused lover lying on the sand.
Thus the fairy lands and places her soft hand
Upon the killer’s brow, unloved until now.
The killer startled jumps surprised by the sight
And wonders what foul things are happening this night.
His fists raised up high
To strike the fairy down
But in the presence of her love
A smile conquers his frown.
See his demeanor change from hate to lasting love
And as the mans sits down he removes his bloody gloves.
In the name of she so fair
The once bitter doth proclaim
That with this newfound joy
He’ll never kill again.
Gaze up and behold the sky…
Black shapes dissipate‘
Neath the empyrean sky
The harvest moon once watching there
Now settles to close its eyes.
Phul’s wings fold neatly away,
The trees murmur their sweet goodbyes
See the glow as the sun wakes up
And the moonbeams cease to shine.
Gaze upward, behold the Empyrean Sky
Majestic glow, chase out the night.
Gaze upward, behold the Empyrean Sky
Close your eyes and bask in the light.

[John Welborn 7/2001]

Thanks to crusasedwings for sending tracks ## 3, 4 lyrics.


