Descending rapidly down the spiral
Not quite sure what I have embarked
Thoughts don't make any sense at all
In the shifting, liquid dark
The words my eyes read on the sheet
Pull my gaze along the lines
Devour facts my comprehension meet
In the words, between and behind

Pulling my fate along in the book of sand
(what does it make to make out this enigma?)
Secrets of eternity's at hand
(everything here is a reason to fear the book of sand)

The paper crackles perfectly as I slowly turn the pages
The letters once more greet the light, the first time now in ages
A careful, calligraphic handwriting of a magus
And I crawl deep into his knowledge's pitch black mines

Dig deep and read the breed of the deed!

Dust swirl out of reach of my dim candle light
Little fragments of ink and paper freed of fearless fright
What word were you, my little one why fly into the night?
A death, a tear, a philtre or poison flowing in the wine?
To read and search so deep inside
Behind, beyond, between the lines
What wonders are there I shall learn
Behind, beyond, between the words?
Between the pages like sand...

Time has slipped my memory for long
I tumble past page fourteen hundred and seven
In a reverie out of my control
Wrapped in a world of lore and legends
Suddenly page six hundred and eleven
Flash across my wet and weary eyes
The previous page is unfamiliar
And there yet another secret hides

Pulling my fate along in the book of sand
(what does it make to make out this enigma?)
Secrets of eternity's at hand
(everything here is a reason to fear the book of sand)

Dig deep and read the breed of the deed!

And I so close the book again, leave the words all rest
To ascend before I dive too deep is always for the best
Close the tome and the session, at least until the next
And let my eyes unwillingly forget the text

To read and search so deep inside
Behind, beyond, between the lines
What wonders are there I shall learn
Behind, beyond, between the words?

Between the pages like sand

Time has slipped my memory for long...

