Rising from the ashes of a decimated legacy,
We'll never be, couldn't be, what you wanted us to be.
Tried and tested, disrespected, always underestimated,
Cast aside, well fuck your pride piss on your graves and where you fucking died.

Ripping through the womb of a lethargic, bloated, dying mother,
Left to fester, no placenta, born a bastard and dissenter.
Forced to watch as lesser brothers gained the favour of foul mother,
Our wings were tore before we had the chance to prove that we could soar.

Lied to my face, callous embrace,
Your medicine, now how's that taste?
Maces, faces, leave no trace if you're the kings, we're the aces.
Stir the pot, parting shot, do I care? Probably not.
Little liars leech vampires, waste of piss to calm your petty fires.

You don't, know a good thing you've got until its gone.
You have, no place here I make my own luck,
I could watch the world, burn around me and I still wouldn't give a fuck.

Lied to my face, callous embrace,
Your medicine, now how's that taste?
Maces, faces, leave no trace if you're the kings, we're the aces.
Stir the pot, parting shot, do I care? Probably not.
Little liars leech vampires, waste of piss to calm your fires.

Third time I'm lucky, three times the charm,
I'm in the middle where the storm is calm,
now I am dangerous, now I am armed,
don't get this twisted I do mean you harm.

No one will cry when your blood has been spilled,
I'm not playing you cunts this is kill or be killed.
I'm a bastard, an orphan, denied by creator,
If I am a God then you'll meet your Un-maker.

The sickest motherfucker, you've ever seen,
the carnage I'll cause, the world will not believe.
I'd wipe the slate clean, and shatter the dream,
destroy any trace where your foul flesh, has been.

Decisions decisions, I'll make my incisions,
I'll slice them and dice them with expert precision, your lazy derision,
has caused this division, now I'm to bend over assume the position?

FUCK THAT!

Six years!

Sick fears!

But hailed as a messiah!

Not respected just rejected, misdirected and neglected.
Shunned by all, well fuck you all, opposing me? Expect to fall.

