No second chances for you pigs you're going into the ground,
Without a sound, never be found,
I am a beast I'm unbound.
The horror I invite, I incite will probably astound,
My words are profound,
I am a king yet uncrowned.

I'm something you could never be.

You tried to cut us down.

But I'll come right back.

And burn you motherfuckers to the ground.

Violence is my solution,
Destroy invade and execution.
Through death my will be done,
The sins of the Father.

Twenty-twenty take a twenty this is eye for an eye, I am here to redress the balance.
Sixty-six with a six I am ready to die, is this what you call guidance?
Giving nothing taking everything like a cancer, you must be pleased with your covert deception.
But if homicide isn't the answer,

I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION.

The evolution of the child that you tried to hold back,
Look at the world through my eyes.
Asphixiated suffocated now I've finally snapped,
My will is my patricide.

Your children screaming hides your scheming feed them lies to keep them dreaming.
Forced to sleep but now awake is this too much for you to take?
You think you're winning, just beginning, just been Fucked and now I'm Skinning.
What you've done is not allowed,
What goes around it comes around.

Your strength is failing, now your fading REVERSED times are changing.
Know that this is not a test, I'll still destroy your very best.
Your strength is failing, now your fading REVERSED times are changing.

This is not a test.

I'll destroy your best.

Fucking maggots.

This is not a test.

You're all fucking maggots.

You think you're all above me, none above me at the pinnacle.
You think that you can take me I'll BREAK THESE manacles.

Through constant bullshit I'll survive, I'll take your lies to fuel my drive, in negligence I'll prove I'll thrive, in your ruins I'm alive.
When you're gone you won't be missed, you're nothing but a leeching cyst, cut short of necrobiosis, but you had to piss it all away.

On this throne I'll stay.

This could have been yours.

But you threw it away.

You're nothing but a shallow bloated whore.

Violence is my solution,
Destroy invade and execution.
Through death my will be done,
The sins of the Father, outweigh the sins of the Son.

Through death my will be done,
The sins of the Father, outweigh the sins of the Son.

Exiled reviled and left aside,
thrown out and beaten to the ground.
Get back here cunt I'm here to stay,
The strength to go for one more round.

You walk with treachery, I walk with butchery, I was born to Surpass Human Boundaries.
I am your Son, but I am gone, I'll take my legacy with me, Revered by None.

But Feared by All.

Revered by None.

No, one, stands, above me, I, am, the, end, armageddon.

Yet Feared by All.

No, one, stands, above me, I, am, the, end, armageddon.

