[Spoken:]
And I felt myself going. I was in a great deal of pain. It was a very frightening experience I began to slip. I just started to feel myself going, and I remember trying to hold on “I'll be ok, I'll be ok” and it got to a point where I just couldn't.
And everything began to just become very quiet and I can remember with every ounce of strength I had, I wanted to say goodbye to my wife. It was important to me.
And I did, I remember just turning my head and looking at her and saying: “I'm gonna die” “Goodbye Joan”, and I did…
It was then that I experienced... experienced what we call a near death experience, for me there was nothing near about it, it was there.
It was a total immersion in light, brightness, warmth, peace, security.
I did not have an out-of-body-experience, I did not see my body or anyone about me… I just immediately went into this beautiful bright light.
It's difficult to describe, as a matter of fact it's impossible to describe, verbally it cannot be expressed, it’s something which becomes you and you become it.
I could say that I was peace, I was love, I was the brightness, it was part of me.

Goodbye my friend, life will never end.
And I feel like you…
And I breath on truth.

Love is the life breath of all I see.
Love is true life inside of me.
And I know you somehow as I hold you in my heart, in my heart.

There’s a fire in the sky, and I know it’s you…
There`s a light, it`s all around, and I know it`s you, I know it`s you
And I dream like you
‘cause I believe in truth.

For I was always there…
I will always be there...

[Spoken:]
It's just so beautiful.
It was eternity, it's like I was always there, and I will always be there, that my existence on earth was just a very brief, instant...
I could say that I was peace, I was love, I was the brightness, it was part of me.
[-- Joe Geraci 1981...]

Jamie Cavanagh ‒ Bass
John Douglas ‒ Drums
Vincent Cavanagh ‒ Guitars, Vocals
Danny Cavanagh ‒ Guitars, Vocals, Keyboards
Lee Douglas ‒ Vocals (additional)


Thanks to thilan for sending tracks ## 1, 3, 6, 7 lyrics.
Thanks to aranhaqg, dries.dokter for sending track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to Wander for sending tracks ## 2, 3 lyrics.
Thanks to dries.dokter for sending track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to sbenderli for sending track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to nima.shakibi for sending tracks ## 6, 8 lyrics.
Thanks to a.5lil, vanikanik for sending track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to drmarcosdib for sending track #9 lyrics.
Thanks to hybrid.girl for correcting tracks ## 3, 4 lyrics.


