The fleeting beauty of the days gone by
The longing thrill of a child soul, dreamer eyes
The chances I found all along the way,
The doors are now closed, forevermore

Only a path leads to eternal bliss...
Fading, fading, fading, fading...

Too frail for the fate I have pursued
Running back and forward and so forth
As always the mirror reflects infinite things
As infinite are the paths to long for

Now there´s just one what I get to see
Missing everything I couldn´t find
Once I hold the key, and once again
It´s gone

For the cold white snowflakes
Falling through the winter yearnings
Autumn hopes dancing as if fading
everywhere I run

(I´ll) keep the promise never done to you
For the night we never had I cry
A thousand poems I didn´t write
For you, my one, my lorn

Swimming in an ocean of stars...
forward, back and so forth
And hanging like the tear you never drop
From the sky of my dreams to the pain of the memories (never born)

The perpetual storm surrounding everything
Raging the waves and waving the sea
Thunderstorm of peace, sweetest peace
Undone

Autumn hopes dancing as fading...
Fading, fading, fading, fading...

For the cold white snowflakes
Falling through the winter yearnings
Autumn hopes dancing as if fading
everywhere I run

(I´ll) keep the promise never done to you
For the night we never had I cry
A thousand poems I didn´t write
For you, my one, my lorn

(I) Did never find the will to rhyme
the silence and the rose
And have beauty covering all the way back to you,
my gone beloved...

Time has passed through dark veils and shining paths
Since these pains weren´t back to sadden me
Fall from many graces, the lament of my broken illusions,
(Whising upon a star... let me give you the last line...)
Music... save me...

Grant the twilight a sigh of despair
A forgotten smile and drop a tear
For once we had the chance
To make it real
I feel cold this winter empty of you
Dreaming the embrace I didn´t find
My last words...My farewell.

