What else should I expect with
The company I kept but this result
I probably should have known
The next day I'd be alone… completely soaked
From what I can recall, good times we're had by all
At least that's what I think
Except for one culprit that committed
The offence of too much to drink

To be fully honest there's not much to recollect
One second I'm relaxing, the next one I'm fully wrecked
Can someone please tell me where on
Earth did all of this spew come from?

So I asked the next day hoping
My friends will explain this assault
Each one kind of laughed and explained
I was an ass and I'm at fault
I just can't believe or accept this theory
It's just not making sense
A person this fit can't make that much
Vomit and barf it all over them

I also failed to mention that those friends we're really pissed
They stated that I spit some chunks all over their pal Chris
I'm really not sure who I should believe, should I ask you?

Covered in sick
I just can't deny
Covered in sick
It happens all the time
Covered in sick
Will this be the end?
Covered in sick
Will it strike again?

One day these cowards will step
To the plate and admit their horrible deeds
Someday somebody will surely confess
And tell me who barfed all on me
I'll always seek justice. I'll search for the truth
I'll never give up till it's found
I'll never give in to the fact that's it's me
That's something I just can't allow

Covered in sick
I just can't deny
Covered in sick
It happens all the time
Covered in sick
Will this be the end?
Covered in sick
Or will it strike again? [x2]

So I head back to the place where I had
Last evening's drinks for some clues
But the guy at the door scarred
From the night before yells "That's the dude!"
I tried to run away but there's nowhere to escape
It seems they got me trapped
My anxiety exploded as my stomach started rolling
And that's when I snapped

The next thing that happened was something I can't believe
My jaw came unhinged and started soaking everything
That's when I realized that the barfing guy was me!

