Watching the blue sky, should I feel happy?
My visions are tainted by the dark clouds of sadness.
I'm exhausted by this grim walk and
So far no crossroads has diverged from my path.
I see you, maggots, crawling at my feet
Exploiting weakness,
Awaiting for chances to shiv your blade
Between my ribs, taste the blood,
Suck my innermost out.

Now my peace is ruined,
My sanctuary is built on the scorched ground.
Due to my rage,
Into a restless life I am bound.
Tranquil mind -- banished to the nether.
My garrotted spirit -- cursed into oblivion.

Over these sharp rocks I climb
Shadowed by the misery I've left behind.
The path of daggers, it is for my kind.
Traitor, exiled, ill lose my mind.

A few more steps, there's no sense of time.
Hours, days just pass me by.
No relief from this I find.
I'll wonder until the end of my time.

If I will never feel free, in this cage made of hatred
Foul son, a patriot, save me.
I, the exiled, far from home in this world I know too well
Here I am hated, with life I can't be sated, please hear me.
Keep on tormenting me
And when I reach the gates
Tenfold are my pains, you'll see.

Under the aegis of rancour,
I'm vulnerable indeed.
And when your arrows pierce it,
I'm wounded deadly and deeply.
And I'm not bleeding my warm heartbloods
I'm bleeding out my spirit and all its parts.

And it is tainting all my memories
This bitterness I do not recall to be real.
When the boundaries of my sanity bend
And it's devoured by the filth that
For sure means one's end.

My peace is ruined,
My sanctuary is scorched down to the ground
Due to my rage,
Into a restless life I am bound.
With tranquil mind I'll welcome the nether.
My garrotted spirit will rest in afterlife.

And I will never feel free, in this cage made of hatred!
Foul son, a patriot, save me.
I, the exiled, far from home in this world I know too well
Here I am hated, with life I can't be sated, please hear me.
So keep on tormenting me
And when I reach the gates
Tenfold are my pains

I will never feel free, in this cage made of hatred.
Foul son, a patriot, save me.
I, the exiled, far from home in this world I know too well
Here I am hated, with life I can't be sated, please hear me.
So keep on tormenting me
And when I reach the gates
Tenfold are my pains, you'll see

