How could this happen?
Am I dreaming again?
Her body’s not moving, I’m assuming she’s dead.

This isn’t a fucking game.
There’s somebody’s life at stake.
She’s covered in bruises,
but the truth is that I never committed the crime
'cause I know I could never hurt a fly.
Then how’d she lose her life?
You're in denial.
What you've implied has burned and stripped
the whites of my eyes.
But what went on that night?

“Listen closely as I tell you I’m not who I seem.
I’m gonna touch you 'cause I like it when you scream.
I want to watch you when you’re sleeping and thinking of me.”
And that’s what he told her when he killed her.
That son of a bitch took away my girl.
He’s gonna pay for it right now.

'Cause you might think you're in love,
and he might promise you the world.
Don't believe what he says.
He's not real.
It's murder and this is it.

My God, you better fear me 'cause I'm gonna find you.
'Cause I'll be out in six months
with his address and a shotgun
and a promise for justice that night.
And I’ll be standing at the crime
so they can throw me back in prison for my life.
If that could bring you back to me.

Last night I dreamed we had a future and you were alive.
It was springtime on our wedding day;
there were birds in the sky.
The sun was glowing; it was beautiful and everyone was there.
I still can’t believe that you're gone.
I’m so lost.
I’m sorry, I'm sorry.
Don’t go. Oh please God, no.

'Cause you might think you're in love,
and he might promise you the world.
Don't believe what he says.
He's not real.
He's just a murderer.

I think that I've had enough.
He says, “You're too late.
I’ve got a hole to dig and you think that I’ve over-reacted?
She was just so cute.
I can't resist 'cause I’m a sucker for promiscuous action."
So tell me. Just tell me.
Tell me the truth.

'Cause you might think you're in love,
and he might promise you the world.
Don't believe what he says.
He's not real. He's a murderer.

'Cause I've been lying awake
from this nightmare I feel betrayed.
I gave my life, but you took it away.

Am I dead? Or am I still breathing?

'Cause you’ve stolen the love of my life,
so you’ll be sleeping with the fishes tonight.

Now listen -
I’m not religious, but I’ve learned to pray for her.
I’m not a violent man, but people can change.
So while you’re sleeping,
I’ll slit your throat and drain your blood
and mail it to your mother.
She’ll discover what a mess you become.
I think she might like that, 'cause I fucking do.

'Cause you might think you're in love,
and he might promise you the world.
Don't believe what he says.
He's not real. He's a murderer.

'Cause I've been lying awake
from this nightmare I feel betrayed.
I gave my life, but you took it away.

There's not a day that goes by...

