- "Sentient #2154
Neurological output augmentation complete
Sweep memory for simulation analysis
Stabilizing biometrics for memory transmission" -

- "Communications located
Headquarters has issued a full scale withdraw of the entire city
Invasion force detected" -

Countless lives on both sides
Dancing atop a man made line

Paralyzed each time my eyes look upon
Anicetus, every sunrise

Only humans endure the cruelty of time
Raising a flag becomes the only purpose in life
Only humans endure the cruelty of time

A glance upward with such feeble eyes
Tormented by what pierces the sky
A million stars frozen in time

Fables speak of a time when titans breathed
Carving a world, reduced to a frozen sleep

Advancing from all sides
We feast to the sounds of empyrean cries
We are the bringer of storms
Now sing the Leviathan War Cry

Only humans endure the cruelty of time
We shall not kneel to the omnipotent force
Of these lifeless eyes

Some speak of a distant world
Where lies the origin of our blood
We humans forsworn all
Titles other than Earthborn

Fables speak of a time when humans fleed [Trololol]
A distant world consumed by entropy

We humans forsworn all
Titles other than Earthborn

"Do you read? The atmosphere above the city is falling apart. High command is offline, we are in the dark now"

- "Anicetus is lost. I repeat, Anicetus is lost. The specters are leaving, taking their chances in orbit. The Empyrean Extermination Sequence has begun" -

This weapon the ultimate peacekeeper
Pulls up the sky, draining the light
Eclipsing the sunrise
This world will feast to the sounds of Terrea's War Cry

A biotic induced fail-safe protocol
Transferring power to bionic control

Tapping into the blood stream
Hydrus, inducing inhuman mobility

Empreyan technology
Lifeless austerity
The war which we fight
Has enemies on both sides

From the thunders of war
To the eye of the storm
Now embrace the fact

- "Prepare for impact" -

Prepare for impact
Brace for impact

My flesh turning cold
As death comes in the form of a Titans roar

Another nation crushed by the weight of tyrants and gods
The rain beings to fall
A color never seen before

Breathe the air of this falling world
As the northern rains fall
I stand covered in blood of Anecitus

- "Is this reaching anyone? The Specters are gone, they are all gone. Does anyone read me? Do you read? They are all gone. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." -

Below these blacked clouds
My home, my heart
As long as I breath
Empyrean will never know peace

I will make them see what it is to bleed

- "Titans, can you hear me?" -

These fabled machines
Bringing gods to their knees

- "Titans, can you hear me?" -
- "Titans, can you hear me?" -

Humans bound for war eternally
Until your last breath, you were never free

Hide behind both gods and kings, and you will see
Until your last breath, you were never free

The worlds which we burn are the
Are the worlds we deserve
Until your last breath




