How much wood could a woodchuck chuck,
If a woodchuck couldn't chuck wood?
It would chuck as much wood as a woodchuck could,
If a Woodchuck couldn't chuck wood?

Safe and simple like a game,
Pumping out the same old same.
Repetitive regurgitation
It's the Pepsi generation

Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled pepper
A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked
If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers,
Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked

Straight ahead follow the path,
Is it music or is it math?
With formulas for going gold
The same old thing it's getting old.

Blah, blah, blah, blah...
Blah blah blah blah blah blah,
Standardized, homogenized, sterilized,
I've heard that song before
Deodorized, commercialized, televised
I've heard that song before

Betty Botter bought some butter, but she said "This
butter's bitter
If I put it in my batter, my batter will be bitter,
But a bit of better butter will make my batter better"
Then Betty Botter bought some butter,
Better than the bitter butter, put it in her batter.
She put a bit of better butter into her batter- made
her batter better!

Blah, blah, blah, blah....
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah blah...
Standardized, homogenized, sterilized
If heard that song before
Deodorized, commercialized, televised
I've heard that song before

Recycle it, trash for cash
Gonna be a hit gonna be a smash
Mmmm!, tastes just like chicken...

In my car I drive along, the radio it plays a song.
To the song I sing along, I sing along to the song.
Why do I sing, sing along?
Do I sing cause it's a good song?
Or because I'm brainwashed
'Cause I hear it every five minutes!
I sing along to dog food commercials too,
I don't see the difference, do you?
A dog can lip-sync too
The Mainstream, can you say bore?
Respectable, acceptable, I've heard that song before.

Standardized, homogenized, sterilized
I've heard that song before
Deodorized, commercialized, televised
I've heard that song before
Before, Before, I've heard that song before
Standardized, homogenized, sterilized
I've heard that song before.

