[Musica e testi: Eddy Antonini]

[White Warrior:]
Drinking the holy wine with a gambler, walking the path of life... 
Come with me boy.
I want to survive this night, prince of darkness, guardian of mankind...
And my sword will follow me.

I have to leave the earth, give me my chance to start.
So I will save the world, no more demons no more war.

[Chorus]
Don't turn away, don't leave me alone, please don't give up believing in love.
So we will come into the reign of the angels.

Watching the iron fist of a demon, I know we'll kill the beast... in the sky.
Heaven is next to me, it's my shelter. There is no other way...
I just want to reach the truth.

[Chorus]
Don't turn away, don't leave me alone, please don't give up believing in love.
So we will come into the reign of the angels.

Through this dance of stars.

[Chorus]
Don't turn away, don't leave me alone, please don't give up believing in love.
So we will come into the reign of the angels.

Through this dance of stars. [3 times] 

[The divine speaker:]
And when the night has come, the breavest youth was ready to follow our guide, 
White Warrior, in this eternal celestial fight, totally hopeful.
Nobody knows how many chances they have 'cause the power 
of the devil is so strong, so wide... so hard to face without fears.
After the Princess' death people of the world are losing all their hopes, 
even the strongest desires are fading and the future seems so blind and depth.
Please, kill the devil... this is the desperate cry that children 
are sending to the sky,
hoping some angels can receive this message and blow the sacred vital lynph.
So the only thing that people have to do is... is... 
is to wait until our courageous hero come back on earth as a winner,
holding the sign of victory in his hands. 
But the battle is hard, maybe impossible...

Personaggi e interpreti 
The divine speaker: Giovanni De Giorgi 
White Warrior: Fabio Dozzo 
Guardian angel: Folco Orlandini 
Lady of the Light: Monica Golfetto 
Princess of the Snow: Marina Maggioni 
Belzebu: Belzebu 
Satan: Satan 
The divine spirit: Rob Tyrant 
The unknown spirit: Eddy Antonini


