When the final resistance hangs on the gallows… Oh yes, I promise unto thee, when the final resistance hangs on the gallows, love will blossom with the ardor of flowers in the midst of spring.

You will be made to deny the dissonance and conflict that is at the heart of the experience of our World. You shall join the chorus of praise that flows from the absolute perfection we have created by the sole power of our will.

We shall bleed you white,
We shall bleed you white,
but you will think that it is an act of unconditional love.

We will pretend to have peace in our hearts yet, knowing that blows will avail, we shall keep the dagger near.

As an educational tool, pain has a value nothing can replace. It shall therefore be the cement of our society.

When the final resistance hangs on the gallows… Oh yes, I promise unto thee, when the final resistance hangs on the gallows, love will blossom with the ardor of flowers in the midst of spring, place your faith in this promise!

When the final resistance hangs on the gallows…
hangs on the gallows…

[We know your souls and inner musings intimately. Therefore, our songs and sonorous refrains to the glory of that which is to come shall be as familiar to you as the lullabies your mother sang when you were but an
infant. Those unwilling to lend an ear will face coercion by the Sword.

We shall give you a stage and you shall perform your prescribed heroic roles in front of ancestors, contemporaries and posterity, present even in the sands of the desert or the heave of the boiling oceans: the
scorching spotlight is on you, how could you possibly walk back from the precipice now?…

You shall aim to resemble the heroic Achilles, at war under the walls of Troy: a godlike figure, possibly Death incarnate. To those begging for mercy at your knees, you shall answer with a blade through the throat,
to the defeated you shall show no respect: their bodies will be desecrated. When you fall, we promise you remembrance, immortal glory: kléos áphthiton. After all, what wouldn't men do, only to escape oblivion…

We shall trick you into believing in the idea of progress by replacing outright torture with subtler forms of domination, far more pervasive and efficient: even the Voice from the Whirlwind shall be struck silent by
stupor. We shall increase your suffering, for the more you suffer now, the less suffering, we promise, there is to be found in the future. You shall become addicted to suffering as a means to a radiant future.

Eventually, commitment to ignorance shall be the first lesson taught to children, as obedience will then come as naturally as night after day. We shall make your thought patterns predictable, for if your behavior is
predictable, it marks the death of freedom.

We shall nurture indifference, for it is a prerequisite to Great Things that demand the retreat of the Self. Banal bureaucrats pave the way to the riches of an abominable victory whereas Saint Fond is merely a non-actionable icon.

It is our immaculate faith that shall allow us to exercise coercion effectively but also to resist coercion when confronted by the impious. When confronted with facts that would contradict our credo, we shall speak out even louder, invoke our Order with brazen words and march forward with the arrogance of the doubtless.

You will be made to deny the dissonance and conflict that is at the heart of the experience of our World. You shall join the chorus of praise that flows from the absolute perfection we have created by the sole power of our will. We shall bleed you white, but you will think that it is an act of unconditional love.

We shall build monuments that will last a thousand years upon the wailing of the multitude, upon the labour of the slaves. Everything in this immense, beautiful machine shall be wheels, pulleys and cords. The connections, however, shall seem fortuitous to you.

We will pretend to have peace in our hearts yet, knowing that blows will avail, we shall keep the dagger near. We are therefore certain to overflow.]

