We shall march and march and the sound of our boots on the asphalt shall fill our hearts and minds entirely.

Disobedience shall be judged a sin worse than murder, unchastity or theft. Obedience is the first law of the Order.
Obedience is the first law...

Whilst wearing the frightening cloth of the wolf, thou truly art the epitome of submission.

Suspicion shall be your companion, for if you conceal blemishes, your comrades must certainly hide blemishes even more severe. Your glance shall always be on your brethren and you shall
weigh their worth constantly; which one of them shall be found wanting today?
which one?

Do not fear to denounce an innocent and have him sentenced, thou shalt only fear to be too lenient with a deviationist.
The mouth of the dissenter shall be filled with spiders and his heart cut out and fed to the dogs.

Whilst wearing the frightening cloth of the wolf, thou truly art the epitome of submission.

Loneliness is a feeling we will relieve you from; from the barren shores of the north to the heart of the empire, thou shalt always feel the scrutiny of the Eyes.

Our doctrine is the one and only eternal truth.

We will eradicate any shades of grey: we drew a partisan line and you shall stand either on its left or on its right.

[Whither the direction, so long as thou guidest us!

It is only within the collective body that you are whole, outside of it you are incomplete and maimed.
Walking over the precipice in communion is easier than to acknowledge yourself as the cripple that you truly are.

Thou shalt smile to the murderer as if he were of your kin but you will give a terrible death to the deviationist - our Words are holy and immutable in all eternity.

The indifferent shall be given a single chance to convert but the deviationist, he who once was saved and spat in the face of his brothers and sisters,
shall be terminated.

Everything is legitimate that at any given moment is useful to the Order.
The traitors ought to be punished but even those who are indifferent ought to be punished, you have to punish whoever is passive and dares not take sides. Whatever is outside the sovereign body of the Order is an enemy.

Our holy duty is not to govern the City, nor the fight to gain power: it is the attainment of perfection on earth, the instauration of an Order so perfect as to last a thousand years and then forevermore.
Therefore, anyone turning their backs on this blessed mission renounce their right to life.]

