Take another look into the depths of me. Rotting from the inside rotting from the outside just another reason for another fucking argument take another breath before you speak your lies. Take another look into the depths of me. Rotting from the inside rotting from the
outside just another reason for another fucking argument take another breath before you speak your lies.

Light up the world I beg you to run to. Run to your home's, flee to your first born and cover their ears so as to save innocence that they may have left we need to make a change, so let's make a change.

The fate of our young hangs on the shoulders of man.

I will not turn my back, not on the people that love me the most this is my final plea to those who see the chains cutting and rotting the ghosts of every fucking trace of trust and misplaced hope. Well I will not turn my back (not turn my back) not on the people that
love me the most.
will not turn my back, not on the people that love me the most this is my final plea to those who see the chains cutting and rotting the ghosts of every fucking trace of trust and misplaced hope. I will not turn my back, not on the people that love me the most.

We have to take a stand.
Deceiver.
(The government is the problem)

Your words are lies, your tongue forked like the serpents, your path of amnesty leads us into hell. I met the devil and I begged for forgiveness. He said the evil that you speak made yourselves.

So while the demons are still in our heads, we must act as the angles will never give in, the demons are still in my head.

Your words are lies (your words are lies), your tongue forked like the serpents, your path of amnesty still leads us into hell. Well your words are lies (your words are lies), your tongue forked like he serpents, your path of righteousness has lead us into hell.

We have done this to ourselves. The demons are coming. We have done this to ourselves.
Don't look back.

Bring me, the rotting tongues of the parliament. Bring me the rotting tongues of those who lie. Bring me, the rotting tongues of the parliament. Bring me the rotting tongues of those who lie.

I stand before you a desperate man, conniving deceivers that triple six carved in flesh. I feel the burden of murder and the world doused in flames. Deceiver, deceiver things can never fucking change. I stand before you a desperate man, conniving deceivers that triple
six carved in flesh. I feel the burden of murder and the world doused in flames. Deceiver, deceiver things can never fucking change.

Thanks to jayden.watton96 for sending track #5 lyrics.


