(There they were revealed by Men who occupied
the sixth chamber, and took the forms of
books and were arranged in libraries)

Alas for woe! Alas for woe! -
It is high time to see the foe
To know the law does claim your soul
Alike the mute and helpless doll
Thus claim you for its very own.

However the shadows grew longer and longer
As evening fell - don't go beyond the last house
Your village remindeth me an island in billow
Of pestilent breeds have been running 'gainst us

Ye shalt die
Well to be sure!
But whilst ye are drowning - ye need no cure
Don't implore
Don't supplicate
Ye shalt rot to the core before it's too late!
Ye regard this solace as amongst cavalcade...

Of ire and delirious barking at church
There is no need to go there without faithful torch
The murals of hers do encumber to see
There is only one way to contumacy

Down the face!
The face of yours
Come closer to the grace like that
Shut it so close...
As ye can...
Imbrue her hills
The harridan's corpse was entwined 'bout by the...
Great worm's asp alike
That's your funeral... Hih!

Lo, Thou hast procured her fragrant
Thou didst debar her insolent folks
And as ye look through those mirrors on her walls
There are gargoyles flit ye about!

What were ye looking for?
What were ye looking at?
When this ae had been found by you
Had ye expected thing like that?

Indubitable ae's deep coomb alike
Darken the murals - do not see the light
Under palatial family vaults
Lay open the graves... Let their prisoners rise!

Their eyne's dry...
More so than thine
Dauber of murals that shalt never shine
Solemn hues which nane wilt ever see
Thy art is the way to contumacy
Hath anyone e'er confined thy legacy?

Do not crepitate!
Soporific anthem is swimming so slowly...
It's protected by them
By the superstitions do rule everywhere
Can ye die?
I deem ye should give it a try!

Sylvan dark
Decrease the light
Shall ye fly towards the dawn o' total night?
Sleepwards red and feculent sky
Why have ye never read my rhyme?
But anyhow... ye should give it a try!

Abysm provideth thy fall
Abysmal mirrors on her walls
Thou shalt acquire their mercy back
If thou believe them - fall adown and break thy neck

For the sake of evil
For the sake of... I don't care
Why do ye always try to attain "famine of yours" so ye acquire your pain

Mortals! Why was your quest so discourteous then?
If ye might have seen whether gift would be sent down...
E'en my sight was aghast when that shining nail
Was being pierced through the chest of the mass... knife alike
If ye e'er want to see - do not look for your eyes. -
And then  - in days of yore - ye may creep to and fro:
Care of mine wilt be taken by ME: say FAREWELL

...to be continued...

