[bonus track]

Desiree
Listen to your heart
Have the dreams all been scattered
Are all the words just parts
'Cause in these ruins alone
I've been watching you
A ghost among these stones
Desiree I've got to tell you

What good's a tear without a face
To soften its downward fall from grace
And across my heart
Desiree I wish you'd see
Scars are the wounds that we all show
Time only heals if you let go
If you're letting go
Desiree I wish you'd think of...

If you only take chances
When every angle's safe
Have partnerless dances
In castles where you wait

But I see far away
A distance in your eyes
As you go on alone
Piling up your alibis

What good's a tear without a face
To soften its downward fall from grace
And across my heart
Desiree I wish you'd see
Scars are the wounds that we must show
Time only heals if you let go
If you're letting go
Desiree I wish you'd think of...

Lost in a movie script
With no words left to say
You leave on that plane alone
And there inside a midnight fog
I turn and walk away

What good's a tear that fall from grace
What good's a life that leaves no trace
When its time is done
Desiree I wish you'd see

Who needs a heart that never bleeds
Never retreats and never needs
If it's all alone
Desiree I wish you'd think of me

The Story of D.T. Jesus and the Subway Messiahs

"Streets," the latest release by Savatage, is a rock opera about a burnt-out
rock star named D.T. Jesus. Now D.T. was originally a high-volume drug dealer
from the lower east side of New York. He had become so legendary that his
clients started to refer to him as "The Savior on Avenue D," which eventually
evolved into Downtown Jesus, or D.T. Jesus for short.

But D.T.'s real passion was music. Whenever he could, he played in local
bars and to the surprise of all his friends, he was good; correction, he
was great. To his growing legions of fans, he was god, and the word spread.

Within a short time D.T. was signed to a major label and quickly went from
local cult status to world-wide phenomenon. His records sold millions, his
concerts sold out and his picture sold magazines. Unfortunately all was not
well in Oz. D.T. had started to use his own wares and they rapidly started
to show their effects. D.T. cancelled tour after tour, missed show after
show and failed to meet any of his recording commitments. Eventually dropped
by his label and bankrupt, he returns to the sanctuary of the New York
streets and the sheltering numbness of his addictions.

Occasionally, friends and ex-business relations would try to pull him out
of his self-made abyss, but all efforts were in vain. Then one day D.T.
encountered an old blues guitarist that he idolized in his youth. Seeing
this great man reduced to a sad, ghostly shadow, D.T. realizes that this
is a reflection of his own future.

Determined to avoid this fate and regain what he once had, D.T. pulls
his life together and, with the help of his friend and road manager Tex,
defies the skeptics and starts his comeback. Quitting all his substance
abuses cold, he starts a series of comeback performances at the city's
largest club, and after several glowing reviews, his shows are completely
sold out. However, just when it looked like he was home free, a visitor
from his past confronts him, alone, in the club after a rehearsal. It is
Sammy, a drug dealer that D.T. owes a great deal of money to from his
drug consuming days. Not realizing that D.T. is now clean, Sammy believes
none of the promises of rapid payment. He lashes out at D.T. assuming
that they are just more junkie lies, until Tex returns to turn the cards
on Sammy, pinning him to the wall. But Sammy follows no morals or rules,
and pulling a knife, he kills Tex and flees.

D.T. is overwhelmed by the rapid turn of events. For the first time in his
life he has tried to do the right thing and instead everything has gone
wrong. His best friend, who had never hurt anyone, is dead because of
him and he is left dealing with the largest crisis of his life without
the protective numbness of drugs to dull the edge of reality.

Angry, confused and filled with an overwhelming guilt, he flees the club,
running into the night. Exhausted, he finds himself in front of Saint
Patrick's Cathedral, whose side door has accidentally been left open
at this late hour. Going inside, he implores God to tell him why He lets
evil and pain exist. But receiving no audible reply, he returns to the
streets to think and search for an answer.

A homeless man, a pimp, a drug addict and a prostitute offer advice, but
no concrete solutions. The harder he searches for his answer, and through
this answer hopefully forgiveness, the more confused and guilt-ridden
he becomes. Wondering if the world would be better off without him, he
considers disappearing and ponders what he would really leave behind and
who would miss him. His thoughts turn to an old girlfriend, the one person
in the world that he had felt closest to and whom he had broken up with
during his drug bingeing days. He tries to reach her on the phone but is
unable to, and, hanging up, slowly starts to feel the growing temptation
to return to the mindlessness of drugs.

Walking down the street weighing his decision whether or not to recross
the line back to addiction, he is about to give in when he is distracted
by a crowd of people gathered around something on the sidewalk. Making
his way over to investigate, he finds an old derelict collapsed against
the side of an old brownstone tenement surrounded by a group of curious
onlookers. The man has been living on the street so long that his skin
had turned an oily black from lack of washing, and his white hair and
beard were gritty and matted. He was obviously dying, but he smelled
so bad that not even the police would go near him as they waited for the
ambulance to arrive.

Forgetting his own problems, and overcome with sympathy, he kneels down
and, taking hold of the old man's hand, lets him know that he is not
alone. (D.T. always believed that the worst possible fate was to dir alone.)
The old man looks gratefully into his eyes and then, with a sigh, passes
away. D.T., greatly saddened, gets up and is just about to leave when out
of the corner of his eye he sees the spectral figure of a young, blond,
blue-eyed child, stepping out of the old man's body. The child hesitates
for a moment, looking down at the form before him and then, turning away,
starts to walk up the stairs and into the tenement. Looking around, D.T.
realizes that no one else is witnessing this strange apparition except
himself and, after a moment's indecision, follows the child inside and up
the stairs.

Ending up on the roof overlooking the city, he finds the child standing
at the edge of the building staring towards the stars. All at once, D.T.
realizes that this is the spirit of the child that the old man was and
that it has come to plead for the old man's soul -- to ask forgiveness
for a wasted life, a lost dream, and permission to come home. At the end
of his song the child turns, smiles at D.T. and fades away into a gentle
flash of light and in the summer sky a faraway star glows with unusual
brightness. Feeling suddenly at peace with himself, D.T. returns home,
where he sleeps the sleep of the saved and dreams strange and wonderful
dreams.

Thanks to metallica1980m for sending track #17 lyrics.
Thanks to metallica1980m for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to theidiotupstairs for correcting track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to abolmich2, houssam_81, metallica1980m for correcting track #12 lyrics.
Thanks to black2dark for correcting track #16 lyrics.


