[I. Fading away – Into the dream]

[Instrumental]

[II. On the shore]

There was a man on the shore. He had drifted far from his home,
and the waves took him higher and higher up on the beach.

The people of the little island took care of him because he hadn’t
died. His new home became the lighthouse, old and torn but beautiful.

Now he always sits by his house and looks out over the sea.
He had always loved the sea and it hadn’t taken his life.

[III. A sunny day – Many years later]

The sun rose and in the horizon he saw a ship sailing the sea.
And the only sound was a bird in the sky, and the waves softly
caressed the stones on the shore. He breathed the air so cold and
fresh and put his pipe gently in his mouth. The grass was green,
the sky was blue, lonely he was as he stood against the wall.

He took up his fiddle and started to play.
The bird came down and whispered in his ear.

The bird’s whisper “Aelin my friend, do you remember
those days when you were young and set course out to sea?
A very long time has now gone by, the sorcerer is gone and no-one
knows where he is. The people of the island took care of you,
but remember that your life doesn’t last forever. Your time has
come and you have to find a man who can take your place here.”

Aelin spoke “They saved me once and for that I will
be grateful all my life and ever after it. In four days from now
I will sail away because I have grown old and my beard is
two feet long. But here can find him?”

The bird said “Go to Calabor, on the other side of the sea.”

The bird flew away and left him alone by his lighthouse
out there by the sea. His fiddle’s tunes echoed away,
carried by the breeze (the eternal wind of the sea).

[IV. Over the sea]

He had to find a man strong enough to sit all time watching over
the sea. To be the island’s guarding angel, a sentinel with pure
heart and soul. On this island they’ve always had a lighthouse-
keeper to deliver them from evil. And now Aelin was old so he
had to go away and find a new one.

On the fourth day he set sail. Said farewell to the people, who
wished him luck on the trip. They put some leaves on his boat
to please the weathergods. The winds were strong this morning,
the tide was right and nothing could go wrong. Suddenly he
disappeared with his boat beyond the horizon.

When Aelin arrived in Calabor he went to a tavern to end his
thirst. He opened the door and entered the room. The people
stopped talking, turned their heads and stared. He looked at
the crowd when suddenly he saw a man dressed in white
walking towards him.

The man said “Greetings my friend, do you remember me?”

He was the sorcerer from the land of eternity. They sat down
talking and Aelin told about the man he was looking for.

Sorcerer “Now you are in search of someone, just like I was a long time ago.
I searched and found you, but you chose your own way. This is only a dream to make
you understand that life serves a purpose. You live and learn…and follow your destiny.”

Aelin “I understand what you mean. Take me out of this dream. I will come
home to you again. My parents are soon gone, we must go a visit them.”

[V. Awakening – Dream to reality]

[Instrumental]

[VI. Home again]

The journey back to reality was long. It was night when
a flash of light woke him. The snow began to fall, winter
had come, he looked around and suddenly he saw land.
He sailed towards the nearest harbour. Now he could
go and meet the sorcerer. He heard birds singing songs,
reflections of ancient past. And his fiddle’s tunes echoed
away, carried by the breeze (the eternal wind of the sea).

