I know you’re dying
I saw you through the smoke
Say what you want to I know you’re lying
Cause’ I saw you through the smoke

Don’t tell me I don’t understand
That every time I even blink my eyes
I see the stains on your hands
You don’t understand what it’s like to watch you,
breathing away what’s left

You’re setting the poison alight
I need you to give me a sign just to keep you alive
Stay away from the light
This is suicide!

I know where you hide
Don’t you dare think that lying will give you a longer life
It’s all the same, nothing is changing
Every breath taken shortens my patience

How can you claim love for something you’ve broken?
How can you live when your son isn’t coping?

You’re setting the poison alight
I need you to give me a sign just to keep you alive
Stay away from the light
This is suicide!

You can be so much more than I’ve witnessed
Don’t just exist, run away from the sickness
I know you’re ashamed of it, still you refuse to quit,
how did it ever come to this?

Be strong, you know what you’re doing is wrong
The next time you need to poison your life,
remember the second you gave me one

I’m your son, you picked me over everyone
But if you’re not afraid of what you’ve become,
then I’m afraid for the both of us

Be strong, I can’t do this for one more day
Soon I’ll have nothing more than the memory of your face
And what if that fades? What if that fades? What if that fades?

Be strong! So what will be left of you,
if you’re all that I have left to lose?

You’re setting the poison alight,
And I need you to give me a sign,
That you want this life
(That you want this life)

So many pieces of me are making it hard to see,
And soon I won’t be able to breathe
So many pieces of me are making it hard to see,
And soon I won’t be able to breathe

Just like you
Soon I won't be able to breathe just like you
Soon I won't be able to breathe, just like you

I know you’re dying
I saw you through the smoke
Say what you want to I know you’re lying
Cause’ I saw you through the smoke

