...From solitude into the world, thick rain restricts his sight.
Looks up smiling at the sky, sees the spark upon the arc…

A figure's now approaching, as he walks with lamp on staff,
Another who heard the call,
Clad in a mage's robes
As their paths now are meeting, they greet with knowing gaze,
Seeking to form alliance
O'er mountains they must climb
They set to scale the rock face, each turns to share a smile
Two savages exchanging their knowledge eye to eye...
Forming a bond of brothers, one more must still be found

A pious nectarian, off in a distant land...

....Having surpassed the plateau, atop the world, so high...
Battles commence, surrounding. Hear a ferocious cry...

All who come armed before them, can join or move aside.
And yet they seem determined
To meet sure demise
No time is to be wasted, moving through every fight
With haste and unrelenting
Enemies scatter far and wide
The storm of bodies breaks beneath a bleak black sky.
A sweet smell they have noticed
And know from whence it hails
Hallowed ground they are approaching, as they now open the gate.

Harbingers of salvation, to be triumvirate

...three knocks upon the threshold, echoing deep within.
A voice soon comes, resounding "I've been expecting you!"

The gates open. Oh, such a wondrous sight.
A monastery, filled with instruments of alchemy.
He now approaches, smiling. A gleaming in his eye
Gifts bestowed, to these weary travelers, made by his very hands.
Goblets now shared among them
So strong and yet so kind
The three now raise them high...Sweet respite taken, before what comes this night.

Rested and starting out now, move upon a sacred path.
This journey ever forward, a quest unto the light.
Failure is not an option. Sol descends out of sight
Now see the hoard approaching, in palest moonlight. Oh!

Lo! Onslaught, erupting fiercely, masked armies of the night.
Slay all, who seek to destroy, with our combined strength and might
Never giving up, on the mission, on our plight
Each wave that comes approaching, stands no chance here on this night.

The stars now shine, resounding. No more seen to remain.
Immeasurable heaven, oh, has been regained

Clouds form atop the mountain. A distant thunder roars.
Their quest is never-ending. Three guardians of our 'cause…..

(To be continued...)




