[Shadows dance on rough walls deep beneath the towering and moon-painted edifice. Far below the ancient and labyrinthine halls of the Clerical Council, the clandestine band gather under the baleful gaze of the Fulcrum, upon which the destiny of kingdoms teeters: Leriak's eyes glitter with the reflected light of the flames and a deeper excitement, perceiving the culmination of machinations so painstaking in preparation and set in motion so very long ago. Though still but the first precarious steps on a long and arduous path, this night a flame would be lit that would illumine the path to godhood!]

[Voice of the Vault Immemorial:]

Sputtering braziers shear through silence with incising sibilance -
Heralds to the arrival of...

[Invocations to the Great Serpent:]

Set
Set-Nakt
Set-Heh
Set-Nakt-Heh

[Leriak's supplication:]

The Slithering Shadow – The God of the Void
Reveal to us your mysteries and
Accept this vessel of flesh purloined
In benighted assault
From the Star-Spawned's Temple,
An ideal of such proud presumption,
Whose light shall be smothered in scaly snares
Of invertebrate might!

Plaintive cry of the dejected damned,
Who at the yawning void of the Black Abyss stands,
And upon whose lips a lie forlorn
(For a final utterance that she hopes may save
Her soul which to the Darkness is already, inexorably condemned)
But whose flesh shall again rise as a god reborn.

Set-Nakt-Heh

[Musings on a sacrificial offering:]

Painstaking engraving of unicursal forms etched,
Delicate and deeply incised into flesh;
Quaking and shaking horripilated and bound
As red rivulets now run her damned cries resound.

[The Vault Immemorial:]

Cast into Darkness, as life's tremulous grip slips hold
Prone and disrobed form both soul and flesh to ancient evil sold
Still thy beating heart and quaking breast and grant our Dark Lord vile ingress.
Feel the slow slip from cursed existence and let the Abyss embrace with soft and beguiling caress.

[Leriak's Invocation:]

The flick of Thy tongue shall be the command,
The whip of Thy tail writ unquestioned,
Unerring devotion at the mere brush of Thy breath,
And the touch of Thy venom shall send scores to their deaths!

Awaken now!
From torment rise!
In black shadow,
To ensnare the skies!

Arise ye now, from slumber! Awaken!
Entwined, the Earth shall fall as ye Arise!

