[Tanric, exiled and rightful ruler to the Imperial duchy of Lokstad:]
[Following the siege of Lokstad and my escape aided by Dragomir of the hill-men whom I had now elevated to the rank of general of the rabble still loyal to the black banner of my house, I travelled east: Moving at night when able and swathed in rags of itinerant beggars and pilgrims, we pressed on until, at last, we were in lands free from influence of both Emperor and Cleric. The Steppe lay before us and, in the vain hope of finding the might which may one day lead me to regain my lands, we continued across that barren waste. Within days, with sparse vegetation and little hunting to be had, the few loyal men I possessed began to flag and we left a trail of corpses in our wake. I began to fancy I heard the sound of hoof beats on the wind and the cries of charging warriors, the howling flurry was the only sound to be heard – that and the thunder of my own heartbeat and panting breath. The Lost Hordes of the Steppe, we sought, yet found nothing but veiled mentions and cloaked reference to the venomous band still said to rage across these benighted lands.]

[The voice of the raging winds of the Steppe:]

I bear witness
To realms beyond the void
Swirling shadows
Surround riders deployed
I have tasted
Of the flesh of man
Forged in hatred
I summon their souls
Again the pyres shall burn
With demonic winds ride
Steel by my side
Vengeance to claim
The hordes shall ride once again...

Into the mountain snows
Into the night
Hearts aflame and eyes alight
With Hatred's ravishing inferno
Upon sweat-lathered ethereal steed,
I shall sweep as storm winds – personified ire
Eternal vengeance on the unredeemed.

Pick your targets
Hold the line
Loose your arrows
For this stolen bride

With desire's all-consuming fire
A demented dash on a dying steed
I shall lay waste to all that would conspire
To rob me of that one I need

By what foul cosmic jest
Am I now beset?
With immortality now blessed
I attest to her last exhale

Onward through mounting snows
And deeper night
Hearts aflame and eyes alight
With Hatred's ravishing inferno
A demented dash on a dying steed,
Bring storm winds and harness your ire
Vengeful jaws on their flesh to feed.

Targets aligned – Arrows loosed
Through mists of blood, we charge
By rage seduced

"By the spirits – I shall ignite an inferno
To blacken the flesh of these treacherous foes!
And unleash such a torrent of terror
That all men will tremble to behold!"

We built the pyres, we built them high
And fed to them the condemned,
Honourless men who dared steal a bride
From me who did ascend
To the height of Khan of the tribes unified
Who to the fire threw screaming men,
Whose guile granted forfeiture of their lives
And on whose blistered flesh I fed,
Devouring meat and soul both
Consuming malevolence and strength,
'Neath the gaze of their screaming comrades,
Blood and fat ran down my neck
Incantations unbidden came,
From where the Sky-Father knows,
Denying their souls the grace of whatever rest Elysium may hold,
'Neath baleful gaze of the cold, screaming stars,
I felt the change within,
And the coldness grew within my flesh,
Despite the flames searing heat.
I arose, mortal sweat still glistening,
Upon my metamorphosed form,
Bitterness and hatred in a crucible sealed
Of humanity forlorn.

Beneath benighted tread
To walk this cold earth's soil
Countless to behead
My eternal, bloody toil

Cursed by gods
hatred sublime
the deities' blood
Shall wet my lips as wine

My flesh now cold
As the lips which ignited my soul.
If this be the gods' curse,
Then I curse the gods in turn!

A new banner now billows
Over barren plain
I'll taste sweet vindication
Ere my essence wanes.

This is no redemption I seek
Further vengeance I shall wreak
With this Argyr-Lyrrian spawn
The walls of heaven I'll storm!

[Tanric:]

The Plain now empty -
I stare as if in a daze -
Though the thunderous clamour
Of hoof-beats still remains!
What arcane powers
Have granted fealty?
Soon all nations
Shall bend the knee to me!

