[Lyrics by Dmitry Basik &amp; Alex Vertel]

Hailed... Failed... Jailed... Nailed... 
So, going down again with all your life in vain, 
But "blessed are you who mourn" - does not it ease your pain? 
You tell me who's to blame? Who's that one to shame? 
Found the one in mirror? Oh, it looks so lame! 
Who told you "Sacrifice!"? (I think it sounds like good advice)
So tell me where are those the virtuous? Hiding from your eyes! 
No one to suffer with? But know that suffering is bliss! 
You are the "righteous" tag on punching beg - I love the way it is! 
And when they beat - you deserve it, 
(The) way they treat - you should love it, 
(And) when they twit - you should know it's right.
They seal you from the tempting wishes,
Heal you from the thoughts so vicious,
Peel you till you're clean to guide to Light -
Messiah be your Guide! 
[Chorus:]
And you hate what you've got and you love what you've lost, 
And you hope you do right but too high is the cost. 
And you pray for this cup to be taken from you, 
But it's yours - drink it up, ain't you longing to? 
Messiah died for you! 
But wasn't it me who taught you wisdom they're sweetly calling "sin"?
I did not promise Heaven's Kingdom but gave you everything... 
The One they blame for the wrongs they do, 
I am the Evil that always does Good! 
Just like a snake I crept in your bed, made you feel the flame you'd never had.
I made you dare the things you never would, I made you feel beloved and understood. 
I made you wish... you wished - you got. Now, will you tell me that you loved me not? 
I let you be, I made you see - so, tell me who's Messiah if not Me? 
And when they beat - you deserve it, 
(The) way they treat - you should love it, 
(And) when they twit - you should know it's right.
They seal you from the tempting wishes,
Heal you from the thoughts so vicious,
Peel you till you're clean to guide to Light -
Messiah be your Guide! 
[Chorus.]
One and two, two and three... telling "A" you tell me "B", 
Three and four, four and five... what you wish the most in life? 
Six and seven, seven - eight... hurry up, don't make me wait, 
Eight and nine, nine - ten... if answer's wrong - we'll start again! 
Father, why me? Why has it to be? Did You know? Did You see? Sacrifice me!
Why am I the one? Chosen - Your own Son. Why shall it be done? Crucify me, Father!
Sins my blood atoned... Hearts my love unstoned...
Faith (I brought) they owed... Sanctify me!
Father, why me? Why has it to be? You did know! You did see!
Why have You forsaken me?!

