Portions of Eternity Too Great for the Eye of Man...

As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of genius which to angels look like torment and insanity, I collected some of their proverbs thinking that as sayings use the nation markets character. So the proverbs of Hell show the nature of Infernal Wisdom better than any description of buildings or garments.

When I came home on the abyss of the five senses, for a flat-sided steep frowns over the present world, I saw a mighty temple form in the black clouds hovering on the sides of a rock. With groaning fires he wrote the following sentence now percieved by the minds of men and read by them on Earth.

How do you know what every bird that cuts the airy wind is an immense world of the light closed by our senses five? Vrta roars and shakes his fires of the burning air, hungry clouds spying on the deep. One speak, and in a perilous path, but just a man attempt its course alone, the veil of death...

Roses are planted where thorns grow in the barren hate... sing the honeybees and the perilous path is granted. On every cliff and tomb and on the bleached bones Vanclae brought forth.

O, my Dark Brothers, as a new heaven has begun and it is now thirty-three years into tembience, the eternal Hell revise. I cried to the dark angel sleeping in the tomb. His writings in the linen clothes folded up. Now is the winning of Jedom, and the return of Adam into paradise.

Without contraries there is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate are necessary to human existence.

From these contraries bring what the religious call 'good' and 'evil'. Good is the passive that obeys reason, evil is the active springing from energy.

Good is heaven, evil is Hell...

All listen to the voice of the devil, as all bibles and sacred tomes have put their causes in the following heirs: that man has two real existing principles, a body and a soul, and that energy called evil is alone from the body and that reason called good is alone from the soul.

That God will torment man in Eternity for following his energies...

But the following contraries to these are true. Man has no body distinct from his soul. For that called body is a portion of soul discerned by the five senses. The cheap and lesser soul of this age.

Energy is the only life that is from the body, and reason is the bound or the outward circumference of energy.

All behold, our energy is the eternal delights.

Those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained, and the restrainor or reasoner userps his place that governs the unwilling. And being restrained into dreams becomes passive, until is only a shadow of desire. And the original archangel, the possesser of the command of the heavenly host is called the devil or Satan, and his children are called sin and death.

It indeed appeared to reason as if desire was cast out. But the true account is the messiah fell, and formed a heaven of what he stole from the Abyss.

This is shown in the gospel, Murray prays to the Father set in the comforner, or desire that reason may have ideas to build on. The Jehova the bible being no other than he who dwells in flaming fire.

All must know that after Christ's death, he became Jehova.

The Father is destiny, the son a ratio of the five senses, and the Holy Ghost nothing more than a vacuum.

Prisons are built with stones of the law, brothels with bricks of religion.

The cry of the peacock is the Glory of God

The lust of the goat is the Bounty of God.

The wrath of the lion is the Wisdom of God.

The nakedness of woman is the work of God

The roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea and the destructive sword are portions of eternity too great for the eye of man...

Akhenaten – All instruments, Vocals


