[Bonus track]

[From Sodom's album "Mortal Way Of Life" (1988)]

Behind the scene of destiny
I adore you in this song for me
Call me within your holy house to dwell
Let me raise for myself in spell
Voluptuously dancing daughters of the night sky
Sing the rapturous love song with high
Let your sweet scented juice run
Waste away under the lashes of my whip

Bath in sin / Sadistic Souls
Break their crust / Sodomy and Lust

Carnal desire runs through my veins
Whipping boys and scapegoats cry in pain
Psychopathic terror during their sleep
My power ask why, my power is weak
Spineless bundles of my excess
Expurse of innocence and helplessness
In the perfumes of my secret orison
Fresh blood of children drops down on me

Bath in sin / Sadistic Souls
Break their crust / Sodomy and Lust

Madness, crime, disgrace, ptomaine
Excrements, contempt, violence, kill

Ordeals of thousand deeds congealed in gloom
Strike hard and deep, to hell with 'em master
Mighty prophets stature shall surpass the stars
The passion is the smell of cremation
I spit on your crapulous creed, curse 'em!
Sucking you giveth delight and bright glory
Strive ever to be more joyous to the death
Don't fear any god will deny you for this

Bath in sin / Sadistic Souls
Break their crust / Sodomy and Lust

Cradle of Filth are:

Robin Graves  -  Nocturnal Pulse
Stuart (Antsis)  -  Infernal Overkill
Nicholas (Barker)  -  Zyklon Beats
Gian (Pyres, John Piras)  -  Carnivorous Licks
Dani Filth  -  Oral Pleasures
Lecter (Smith)  -  Unbiblical Chords / Torture Chamber Music

All lyrics and defloration of the English language by Dani (except track #13 - by Harris, IRON MAIDEN).
Music collectively chewed on, swallowed and sicked back up again, by Cradle of Filth.

Also buried in this grave of scorched earth erotica are the dulcet ghost
laments of Sarah Jezebel Deva and the Sapphic oration of Danielle Cneajna
Cottington (the breath of the Countess in youth).
These are the Syren in shadow.

Lady Bathory portrayed on "The Twisted Nails of Faith" and "Eyes That
Witnessed Madness" by the glamour of Hammer, Ingrid Pitt. A role perfected for
the second time.

Chapter IV, "Cruelty &amp; The Beast", was invoked from the first full moon of
January to the penumbral lunar eclipse of March, at DEP International /
Abattoir Studios, Birmingham, 1998 E.H.

Thanks to Ashley Quinton for sending tracks #11, #12, #13, #14 lyrics.
Thanks to darkdesires_2, lian.bathory for correcting track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to gothic_bloodyhaze, lian.bathory, barron.jessica for correcting track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to raymar_filth for correcting track #13 lyrics.


