Look straight through me – look at the nightmare. Our past is but a dream that we're trying to escape,[1] trying to evade to erase ourselves. Look through me and see the advent of our obsessions.[2] Behold, your child, perfection – a rotting shell of atrophy

Watching: Crowds like crows, we furiously flock to tragedy; observe the hurt then hasten back to our peaceful, quiet nests of blasphemy
Scapegoat: Rather die and know,[3] drag your failing body in tow – witnessing the wake, conflagrate the ready oil at the stake
Binging: The culmination of purging what our lusts have borne. We hoarded all the world to find we'd lost any semblance of ourselves.[4]

This dying dance

I am not my own reflection. I am not myself, I am not myself. No, I am haunted by a non-existent Lover: The spectre, the ghost, the soul-starving host.[5] I am haunted by a non-existent lover

I was gifted with the vision, but cursed to be the witness.[6]

I'll be pale to match the walls and warped to trace the beams; flushed to fit across the floor so you can step right over me. Scouring this filthy slate these crooked bones they won't break straight – cracked and splintered like our house, upended by that first summer
squall

Fading: so thin, you could snap me into the shape you need – gaunt enough to slide through that wedding dress. Then stitch me to a fraying matrimony embalmed inside a never-ending ceremony.[7]

I am not my own reflection. I am not myself, I am not myself. No, I am haunted by a non-existent Lover: The spectre, the ghost, the soul-starving host. I am haunted by a non-existent lover

I was gifted with the vision but cursed to be the witness

Invisible to me… invisible to me… invisible to me[8]

[1 James Joyce, Ulysses.
2 Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Currency.
3 Genesis 2:17.
4 Matthew 16:26.
5 "Ana".
6 Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex.
7 Anorexia is the most deadly psychiatric disorder with an estimated mortality rate of 5.86.
8 If you or a loved one is experiencing eating disorders, please get help immediately.
For more information, visit: www.nationaleatingdisorders.org.]

