Tonight the dis-harmonic symphony of the cicadas plagues my ears…
Drifting off to the mind numbing hum of grinding gears.
Families starving in the eerie silence of the hills…
Lie exposed to the elements so fierce, so fierce…

Hold out just one more day…
Say the same tomorrow…
Say the same tomorrow.
For the union hold out,
For a fair wage and a living this sorrow.
For a fair wage and a living this sorrow.

Living and dying union men.
Living and dying union men.

Meet them in the streets,
Meet them in the hollers,
Meet them in the hills and don't back down, don't back down.

Fight for what is right,
For every working man to earn his keep.
Fight for what is right
'Til they meet your demands…in Bloody Harlan…

[Speech:]
Well, at that time we were working ten hours a day, but we were getting 6 and a fraction cents an hour.
Well, we breaker-boys would have our feet in the (coal) chute and we'd be picking the slate out.
Well, the breaker-boss'd sneak up behind us, and if he'd see a piece of slate coming through he'd pick up the piece and he'd hit you in the back with it, and he'd hit you hard!
And he'd say, "Pick that slate out!"
Well, he used to abuse us actually.
Well, finally, we got to a stage where we figured that 'Well, we're going to strike.'
That was when I learned my first real important lesson about what happens when you take a position against the coal operators, against the Catholics.
Well, the first thing that happened: the union officials came to us and told us had to go back to work, that we were violating the 'agreement.'
We said, "To hell with the agreement, we're going to stay out and strike until we get our demands."
Well, then the politicians started visiting us and putting pressure on us, and the parish priests.
Well, finally the coal company agreed to meet with us, and they agreed to raise the hourly pay from 6-and-a-fraction cents to 8 cents an hour.
So we got big concession, today that wouldn't mean anything; that's only peanuts. But it meant a whole lot to us, for our paycheck at that time.
Well, this was my first lesson that if you stuck to your senses, stuck to your organization, and stuck together in solidarity you could defeat them.
Besides that I learned that the politicians worked with the coal companies.
I found out the union officials were working with the coal companies.
I also found out that the catholic hierarchy was working with the coal commissions.
Here was a combination of the whole thing, see?
That you had to pulp up against the whole combination.
When the coal and iron trying out find out who was trying to instigate a union, well, they'd abuse them!
[Speech continues]

Lives laid down for the union.
Scarlet red around your neck.
Black lungs and broken backs in Bloody Harlan, in Bloody Harlan…in Bloody Harlan.

The years go on and the mountains crumble.
The right to live and work, sacrificing body and land.
From Kentucky to West Virginia the workers rise and fall while wringing hands profit off of it all...

