[Music By Acherontas V.Priest &amp; Saevus H. / Lyrics by Saevus H.]

As this tremendous twillight of hissing Serpents tears the red Horizon,
As this sacred Night cometh and shrouds the mundane soul
To unlock, reveal and liberate my glorious typhonic existance.

As the Third Eye, Inheritor of the wisdom of Ra, is crushing the visio mortalis
As it opens wide in sacred shapes to reveal the Divine Vision.

Sutekh the Destroyer riding an army of Chimeras amidst the bloodred nightsky
and the Heavens tremble before the hideous march of Set, the Prince!

I tear my vestments and throw them as reverent offerings to the fire,
As I carve my skin and scream in divine madness, speaking His sacred Names
As my voice cracks the silence, and the smoke ascends the Invocation.

Come forth, Oh Lord of Storms,
Come forth and scourge the oceans with might!
Come forth by Night and breathe life to the serpent below, through fire and ice!

Set, for Your name is Chaos, envoy of Darkness, the skies shake before You,
Reveal your Fiery Gaze and activate my eye! Unleash the Serpent's coil!
Let the red stream ascend and break the Seven Seals to the glorified Crown
Let your Voids devour me and shape me to your Triumphant Image!

Grasp my Soul for she is sculpted immortal, for I harvested the fruits of Life!
Come forth, Qliphothic Ruler of the Seven Stars! Father of the Infinite Chaos.

Seth of the Depths!
Ascend from your Celestial Catacombs, the Temple of Storms and enshroud me,
For I am of this Earth, Water, Air and Fire ! Breath through me Thy Black Flame,
Illuminate the Spirit, encircle me with serpents and speak with my Tongue!

"I am the Faceless One, Protector of Ra, Primal Ruler of Disorder and Noble born of Nut!
I am the Restless Adversary, the Black Seed, the Deathless Priest of the Black Flame!"

Venite Set Triumphator, Princeps Tempestatis
Venite Sutekh Perditor, Princeps Tenebris
Venite Seth, Spirare Ignis Niger tuus ad me
XEPER-I-SET, XEPER-I-SET, XEPER-I-SET

[Set the Usurper. Sutekh the Destroyer. Seth Hastam Scorpionis Signifer.
The Red King of Storms, Ruler of the vile Desert. The glorious Typhonian archetype of Set manifested during the centuries, seed of Geb and Nut. An untamed force of liberation and illumination, unbound and wild as the jackal, imperious as the falcon and wise as the primeval reptilian force that resides in the heart of the Earth. Worshiped as a God of the Desert and Storms, feared as an Enemy, ruler of the Will of the Earth.
Dangerous and unpredictable, Seth is the restless Adversary and a powerful Protector. His cult originates in the city of Nubt,the Gate to the Eastern Desert and often is he nominated as "He of the City of Gold". His Worship extends in the upper Egypt as the black sand of Nile grands fertility upon the soil, in the name of Setu. He is the mighty Protector of Ra on his journey through the Nightsky, defeating his enemies and defying the dualistic views, a God of Chaos fulfilling the utmost Deed.

Sutekh, the slayer of Osiris and enemy of Horus, is the Great Destroyer attacking the modern civilization, embodying the untamable power of Nature. Seth is the golden, unbreakable Qliphotic pillar in the Eye of the Desert storm, a symbol of the very awareness of the Self. Crowned in majesty, Set is a symbol of fiery, Draconian Will.
Guide of Ramesses the Second, Sutekh the Great Destroyer inculcates the furious nature of Chaos into the soul of the red-haired King as he marches against the Hittites at the glorious Battle of Qadesh. Ramesses stands fearless, like Set in the moment of His power, and rides against the enemy forces alone, atop his mighty chariot. His eyes are filled with divine fury as Set rides with him, and he slaughters the forces of the enemy King from Khatti.

Set is the forge of Kings, the spark that ignites the Ignis Niger within Man, the Luciferian consort of Typhonian force, the Great Golden Spear of the Nightsky that escapes the modern concepts of good and evil, a Nameless King, envoy to the Journey through the eleven Spheres.
Xepera Xeper Xeperu.]

