[Japanese version bonus track]

Who's there knocking at my window?
The owl and the Dead Boy
This night whispers my name
All the dying children

Virgin snow beneath my feet
Painting the world in white
I tread the way and lose myself into a tale

Come hell or high water
My search will go on
Clayborn Voyage without an end

A nightingale in a golden cage
That's me locked inside reality's maze
Come someone make my heavy heart light
Come undone, bring me back to life
It all starts with a lullaby

Journey homeward bound
A sound of a dolphin calling
Tearing off the mask of man
The tower, my sole guide

This is who I am
Escapist, paradise seeker
Farewell, now time to fly
Out of sight, out of time, away from all lies

A nightingale in a golden cage
That's me locked inside reality's maze
Come someone make my heavy heart light
Come undone, bring me back to life
It all starts with a lullaby

Anette Olzon Blyckert: Vocals
Tuomas Holopainen: Keyboards
Erno ''Emppu'' Vuorinen: Guitars
Marco Hietala: Vocals, Bass, Acoustic Guitar
Jukka "Julius" Nevalainen: Drums

Guest Musicians:
London Philharmonic Orchestra: Orchestra
Metro Voices: Choir
Guy Elliott: Lead Boy Soprano (on track 1)
Tom Williams: Second Boy Soprano, Treble Vocals (on track 1)
Troy Donockley: Bodhran, Uilleann Pipes, Low &amp; Tin Whistle (on tracks 10, 11)
Nollaig Casey: Fiddle (on track 11)
Senni Eskelinen: Electric Kantele (on track 11)
Greg Knowles: Cymbalom


Thanks to terror-inferno for sending track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to viktormm for sending track #10 lyrics.
Thanks to necrosibyl for sending track #14 lyrics.
Thanks to posjunior, rolan_schwarz for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to terror-inferno for correcting tracks ## 1, 2 lyrics.
Thanks to markos_knight for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to arno_dug for correcting track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to meliskris for correcting track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to austrechild for correcting track #9 lyrics.
Thanks to willterbean, roosaee for correcting track #12 lyrics.
Thanks to justme_tyna, johnson for correcting track #14 lyrics.


