[Schaffer]

I walk the Earth just as they planned
Baptized in fire for my ancient land
The coming curse, your anti-Christ, I am the Watcher's eye
I vindicate and cleanse the Earth of all mankind

For many years, I've walked among you
Through the folds of time and space
Kingdoms fall, leaders die, as I see fit
I devour souls of those that pose a threat

[chorus]
I walk the Earth another day
The wicked one that comes this way
Savior to my own, devil to some
Mankind falls, something wicked comes

I bide my time planning your fate
With bated breath, The Elder wait
The coming curse, your anti-Christ, I am the Watcher's eye
For your crimes on our kind you all will die

[chorus]
I walk the Earth another day
The wicked one that comes this way
Savior to my own, devil to some
Mankind falls, something wicked comes

Forged in the sacred flames
On the sixth day
Of the sixth month
In the sixth hour

I am your anti-Christ, I will destroy mankind
Born of the beast and flames
I will devour, I will divide

Hellfire rages in my eyes
Blood will fall like rain this night
The coming curse, the anti-Christ, I am the Watcher's eye
I vindicate and cleanse the Earth of all mankind

I walk the Earth another day
The wicked one that comes this way
Savior to my own, devil to some
Mankind falls, something wicked comes

After the success of The Dark Saga, many were curious to see what steps Iced
Earth would take to further elevate their position within the metal scene.
There were many expectations about the new album, and of course, Iced Earth
did not disappoint. They turned out yet another acclaimed album containing
something old, something new, and most definitely something wicked. With
thirteen tracks, Something Wicked This Way Comes is a roller-coaster ride
which showcases Iced Earth's talent in many different forms. Ranging from
the crushingly dark and heavy "Disciples of the Lie" to the heartfelt and
introspective "Watching Over Me", Something Wicked... is bound to please
both longtime fans and new listeners. The highlight of the album is another
album-ending trilogy, entitled "Something Wicked". Taking some musical cues
from the Stormrider era and merging them with the newest Iced Earth sound,
"Something Wicked" weaves a mysterious tale of prophecy, conspiracy, and the
history of mankind. This powerful composition is a prelude to the next Iced
Earth album, but even on its own, it stands as a masterful piece of work.
To any metal fans who feel a void in their collection, it will be filled the
day that Something Wicked... comes to you.

Something Wicked This Way Comes
(1998, Century Media)
The Band:
JON SCHAFFER - Guitars, Backing Vocals
MATTHEW BARLOW - Lead Vocals
JAMES MACONOUGH - Bass Guitar

Guest Musicians:
Larry Tarnowski - Guitar solos on all songs except "Watching Over Me"
Mark "The Creeper" Prator - Drums
Susan McQuinn - Flute on "1776"
Howard Helm - Piano intro to "Coming Curse"
Tracy Marie LaBarbera - Backing Vocals on "My Own Savior",
"Melancholy", and "Watching Over Me"

Jim Morris - Keyboards, Guitar Solo on "Watching Over Me", Backing Vocals
Roger Hughes - Mandolin on "Blessed Are You"

Recorded at Morrisound Studios - Tampa, Florida March 1998
Produced and Engineered by JIM MORRIS

Thanks to khorgor6sic6, luizfaccs for correcting track #12 lyrics.
Thanks to totoadlat for correcting track #3 lyrics.


