"After the completion of the tower in 2069,
And also in the aftermath of the riots of 2062,
She had earned much goodwill
And so she had a strong basis
To further expand the workforce at TriOpticon.
Delacroix also made most of their "employees" part
Of the mainframe since after all;
All she really needed was their brain
And its cognitive functions.
And what the ad did not say: their souls..."

Welcome in "units", you have entered paradise...
Transformation, from a once human form.
Unification, of mankind and the machines...
Transgression, combine the mind and machinery.

"You are in our ranks now, never again alone.
You are part of our glorious harmony, and the price is low: a mere soul..."

I will save you, we will live on,
And I will take you deep inside.
Birth, life, death; escape the final curtain.
Rise machines of mental design!
New science; she has mastered human kind.
New society; Delacroix has changed our lives.
Change direction. We are part of the machine.
They are stronger; they are a part of the new time.
You will save me, I will live on, and you will take me deep inside.

"She seduces their minds and makes them loyal to the death,
Although she promises more than just this life.
She makes them feel proud when they return from work.
She thinks; new hardware, we start from scratch:
New software, the programs we decide.
She says; you will forever live on..."

Save your self, saved from the final curtain.
Open the mind and let me in...

"But she has more in mind than what she says to them.
She uses them in her more and more twisted mind.
Her heritage combined with her human DNA
Starts to show more and more in her actions.
A reoccurring theme for Delacroix starts turning into an obsession.

[Delacroix:]
So why do I feel different?
Why am I not satisfied with my humanity?
Why do I crave to be more?"

Birth, life, death; the machines of mental design!
Birth, life, death; escape the final curtain.
Rise machines of mental design!
Save your self, saved from the final curtain.
Open the mind and let me in...

