Here I stand in front of this cross
Haunting, the ghost in my mind
Living a hell, in the dungeons I'm cold
And a flame's burning my heart

The burning of the witches is close to begin
The judge made the fate of my soul
My skin and my eyes will suffer the pain
But the silence, my heart can't control

I fear the spirits of the dead
Could take my soul away
I'll raise my hands... a hopeless call

Lived in a dream of crystal tears
Now broken by the truth of yourself
Burnt by the cross, for the love of your god
The wings of your spirit are red

The way you betrayed our pact and our oath
And the way you can smile at my face
Consumed all my hopes, destroyed all my dreams
But my ashes will be washed by the rain

I fear the spirits of the dead
Could take my soul away
I'll raise my hands... a hopeless call

See my eyes... burned by the flames of this hell
Look at her eyes... damnation that will never end

Here I stand attached to this stake
Haunted, the ghost of my life
Lived in a hell in the forest, I'm dead
And the flames burned all my heart

The burning of the witches is close to an end
The town saw the fate of my soul
My skin and my eyes just suffered the pain
But in silence my heart had to hold

I fear the spirits of the dead
Could take my soul away
I'll raise my hands... a hopeless call

See my eyes... burned by the flames of this hell
Look at her eyes... damnation that will never end

Oh! God
How can I stand all her suffering caused by my faith?
My spirit at the end will taste a piece of hell
I will never rise... from hell!
Because of the love I betrayed
I am waiting my time

How can I stand all her suffering caused by my faith?
My spirit at the end will taste a piece of hell
Now my time has come

The tears of the heretics
Feed the winds of the tempest
Red, the darkness of the forest
Screaming slayer of silence

A fear that came from nowhere
Told by the crucified
And by your god all is over
For the victims of your lies

The cross... your cross... your damned cross!
Guilty of taking lives away, burned by the stake
They burn... in flames... they will burn
In the name of purity and faith

I feared the spirits of the dead
But now my soul is away
I opened my arms... at freedom's call

See my eyes... burned by the flames of this hell
Look at her eyes... damnation that will never end

