[Bonus Track]transcending into an eternity
this flame will burn out indefinitely.
like matter scattered across the starry skies,
no deity, can deliver us from our grand demise.
to become one with the soil.
to restore this tree of life.
a cosmic understanding of the cycle to survive.
This world, a burial ground, a dwelling place for the soul.
to dream a dreamer's dream,
the fruits of death will soon unfold.
Do you fear this expiration?
To sleep eternally, unleashing all your inner demons?
I, believe we are prisoners of the mind.
You see?
that "perdition" resides in all've mankind.
These tales of final judgment, to approach the throne and answer for your sins.
The weight of the heavy heart is where your trial truly begins.
A silent scream unheard by the living ear.
your conscious becomes a poison, questioning what was sincere.
Why, would you even mourn this subtle life?
a preservation of fabrication, deformed into strife.
It has been said, prayer will enlighten you of all burden and
unshackle the chains of the servant.
a plea within, a final rescue for the abhorrent...delusional
conjurations of the ignorant.
Yes.
An unsettling view of the afterlife.
I've now brought forth new reason to weep when I die.
Reality fades.
There is no escape.
my lifeless carcass lies in the shadows where no gods can see me,
where I belong to be.
sentenced to question my life of piety.
Slipping away.
There is no escape.
my lifeless carcass lies in the shadows where no gods can see me,
where I belong to be.
sentenced to dwell on my life of tragedy.
wait!
i recognize this emptiness,
i've felt it before.
questions now arise on feelings felt when alive,
a reasoning, curious, if all I've felt was a lie.
does this mean that my existence is my hell?
no day to day struggle to end, prevail?
a twisted joke of paradise, I've believed an old wives' tale.
This realm, a battle ground, yet a purgatory for the soul.
you must awaken from this dream,
the enigma of death willwill not be foretold.
have you embraced this realization?
To sleep eternally, unleashing all your inner demons?
I, believe, the path I choose will bind,
me into what "damnation" resides in my mind.
These tales of final judgment, to approach the throne and answer for your sins.
The weight of the heavy heart is where my trial truly begins.
A silent scream unheard by the living ear.
My conscious is now a prison, sentencing the insincere,
to lie within these walls forevermore,
in a comfort that I've felt before.
if Heaven, hell, and life are the same,
then you hold the fate of this flame.
if our essence is truly hollow bliss;
then this, ha, I will not miss.




