Nothing this life might bring will change my mind or
Force me back the other way, nothing will change a thing
Nothing will undo a taken step,
Seems that's something that we all have to accept done
Is done is passed - elapsed.
And I am wondering what life feels real
What life feels pure
What's healing wounds
What's the miracle cure?
Nothing life has put me through,
Will change my mind or force me back the other way
Done is done is past - elapsed.
And I can't change it,
So whatever comes in life I am trying never to give in
To keep my head up high and my feet on ground,
And I can't change it,
So whatever comes in life I am trying
To keep my head up high and eventually,
If I'm trying the best I can,
And I'm tryin the best I can,
If I'm never giving in,
I'm in reach of.
And eventually if I'm trying,
Yes I'm trying the best I can,
I'm in reach of my dreams
Could come true if I'd only find a way to the flame in your heart,
Through the songs that I sing and the words that I wrote
Through the sentence itself.
The sirens sing telling me, to be myself no matter what they say,
To embrace this life
To be greatful for each and every day
Could be your last hold on to your dreams
No matter what they say and live
Telling me to hold on to my dreams and to reach out my arms,
And if I'm trying very hard, maybe I can reach the stars
Hold on to your dreams no matter what they say and live
Down, all is swept away by a flood's breaking in -
Drown
In the sirens recomforting songs, and they sing
All life feels real all life feels pure, time's healing wounds,
Music is the miracle cure.
Understand that nothing will undo the course of things
That have been taking place in the past.
We have to live and to die with it
And even if what I'm seeing now is only a pale reflection of what life is meant to be
I wouldn't like to trade a single day
I wouldn't like to miss a second of what I've lived
All life feels real all life feels pure, time's healing wounds
Music is the miracle cure.
Through the sentence itself I can hear the sirens sing,
Singin their songs, telling me to hold on to my dreams and to reach out my arms,
And if I'm trying very hard, maybe I can reach for the stars,
If I hold on to my dreams then just by reachin out my arms,
If I'm tryin very hard, I'm in reach of the stars...
Through the sentence itself I can hear the sirens sing,
Telling me to hold on to my dreams
Then just by reachin out my arms I'm in reach of the stars.

