We are waiting open-armed for a change to come,
We all want a change but we'd like to stay the same.
Waiting open-armed for a change to come.
We suffer deliberately, we can never call our own what we can never have,
We drown in our self-inflictions, can never call our own what we just can't own!
Waiting open-armed for a change to come.
We all want a revolution, want it to take place, don't participate.
We suffer deliberately, we can never call our own what we can never have.
We get lost in our self distractions,
Can never call our own what we just can't own for ourselves
So we deny, we suppress, we deny
We're oppressed, we suppress, oh god we close our eyes on everything, tonight,
We'll express, our detresse,
We'll drown the world in tears of hopelessness, tonight!
We're living modern time romances, between customer and product,
The beauty remains in the unseen,
My eyes get captivated by the things you don't even notice, just don't!
Whatever comes on our way, we tend to just look away,
We're waiting for changes while
Waiting for changes everything is staying the same.
So whatever comes on my way, I try to not look away,
While talking of changes nothing is changing - let's act up,
Let's make it today! TODAY!
We laugh, we cry,
We live, we die, we laugh, we cry, we live, never question why or what's the sense in dying.
We laugh, we cry, we live, we die we laugh we cry we live,
Never question why we laugh and cry and why we live and why we die and why
We laugh when someone cries and why we live while someone's dying,
Never question why or what's the sense in dying, no.
Why watch it hurt, watch it burn until it's dying?
We just watch it break, we watch it burn and bleed all over us.
We're watching it break and watching it burn,
We wait until It's bleeding down on us.
What's the sense? You said - What's the sense
What's the sense in seeing you crying if I don't mind.
What's the sense
What's the sense in seeing you crying if I don't mind...
And this indifference just makes me smiling,
What your doing to me is what you're doing to yourself somehow.
I won't watch it burn, won't watch it bleed,
I won't watch it break and bleed all over me.

