I said: The stage was set again, facing the audience
We've been missing, the tempo is set the beat is set, ready for ignition.
This words might make it all the way and accomplish their mission
This sound's been elaborated from ground on down and now
It's ready for transmission. The steps we're dancing they are dead,
Just like the songs that
We've been listening to.
So when you dance, you don't dance you step in line.
Experience, communicate, debate
It's up to us to start transmission.
This sound's been elaborated from ground on down and now
It's ready for ignition! I know, there's more to come, and before
I'll break you will see your world raised down to ashes,
David versus corporate society, Krishna versus global media industries,
Jesus versus roman empire's d'aujourd'hui
And the real world versus e-communities.
Mhadma ghandi vs you and me and a truth that is defined
By majorities that are built up on minorities, it is
Defined by the majorities are built up, built up on minorities!
I don't believe in your vision,
I don't believe in your rites nor in your movements that I try to defy!
I can't identify with your moral majority
I know there is more to come before I'll break you will
See your world raised down to ashes.
David versus corporate society, Krishna versus global media industries
And a truth that is defined by the majority
That is built up on minorities....
David versus corporate society, Jesus versus roman empires d'aujourd'hui
DAVID VERSUS CORPORATE SOCIETY!
Well we tried to communicate but it seems we are speaking
Different tongues, you're seeing life just as it is, you
Say, while we, we live to see the day and try to make
It feel real, while you are living for the dollar bill,
Stock-exchange, insurance companies,
Claiming the benefits of economy, of industry, social
Security, lifetime insurance, sunny day real estates,
Honolulu holidays, TV sets and CD players,
Microwaves, and remote controls,
We believed that we
Can fight the elite, we believed that we'd found a
Better waybut when you dance, you don't dance you just
Step in line.




