Yst i ran mektige Norafjorn, frao gudn Nor si ti.
Yst i Lomeldi, heimsta Slind vart 'a pao Hydneshaugen
i ran sista helfti ao ra fjera aorhondra lakt ain haug før ain windir.
Ai mannalaonge kjista ao stain so alder breste.
I kjistao ve hass høgre sia ait laongsverd laog,
ai spenna ao bråns kappao hass hildt,
Ve fotendn to lairka me bisk.
Utafø kjistao ve venstre gavlvaiggj, to spjut laog klar, håve vendt mot vest.
Alt ti feri... Men i førra aorhondra ottao børja,
uvitande menn me hoga fø jor,
rødde vekk fjortan aorhondra sjilefri i trihondra børe me stain.
Uvitande dai va om ottao, gudadn sitt raseri skapte.
Dan ivigvarande ottao so framleis herska haimst i Slind dan dag i dag.
Dar e ai bysle stemning, ait mørke follt ao kjainsle,
guda so kan ta frao reg da ain traingje meste, ait sinnelag.
Framleis ha maonge otta før å ferdast mødlo
Saoknardalr å Laikvangir itte kvelda fitabil.
Kong Hydnes haug...

[English translation:]

The Burial Mound Of King Hydnes

Farthest away in the powerful Norafjordr
From the god "Nor" time
Farthest out in Lomeldi, inner Slind
In the last half of the fourth century there was
Made a tomb for a windir on King Hydnes burial mound.

A coffin long as a man made of stone that never breaks.
In the coffin by his right hand side lay a longsword, 
a buckle of bronze held his cape.
By his feet two earthen vessels with supper.

Outside the coffin by the left gable. Wall
two spears lay ready, the head turned westward.
Everything for the journey.

But in the last century fear began,
Ignorant men with lust for land
Cleared 14 centuries with peace of mind
In 300 cords of stone.

Ignorant the were about the fear that the god s rage created
The everlasting fear which still rules
In the far end of Slind even today.

There is a scary mood
A dark full of emotions
Gods who can take from you than you need the
Most - a disposition.

Stil many people has feared to travel between
Soknardalr and Leikvangir after dusk.

The burial mound of King Hydnes

[Translated by Eli Hilleren]

