Mørke spaigla mine kjainsle, men da e ait hål i spaiggedl.
Ait hål so ikkje enda, akkorat so sakne i sjeli mi.
Håle e so sakne i sjeli mi. Sakne e so håle, endelaust...
Sakne itte nåke inårmt so eg hadde, da eg hadde va lika stort so sakne,
inårmt... Eg lika smerte, men eg lika ra igentle ikkje...
Eg skrike, men eg skrike igentle ikkje...
Eg dåyr, men eg dåyr igentle ikkje...
Eg sakna... Fø meg e mørke so dagen fø deg å ri andre.
Fø meg e dagen so mørke fø deg å ri andre.
Fø meg e skrike so lattern fø deg å ri andre.
Fø meg e dauen so live fø deg å ri andre.
Dystert da e, å tainkja slik, dystert da e, å vera slik,
dystert da e, å liva slik, dystert da e, eg lika ra slik...
Dystert e ra å dystert ska ra vera. Mørt e ra å mørt ska ra vera.
Ont e ra å ont ska ra vera. Sakne e rar, men da ska rar ikkje vera...
Da ain ikkje bør gjera e da eg sakna meste,
da ain ikkje bør saia e da eg sakna meste, du skjønna kå eg maina,
da e deg eg sakna adle meste...
Da eg ha møst ha saora, da vi'kkje bedra seg me aori.
Da ha berra våre ont, å sakna ha våre tongt.
Smerte, no lika e'ra... Skrik, no skrike eg...
Dau, no dåyr eg... Sakn, eg sakna reg...
Eg dåyr fø'ra eg sakna... Å eg sakna itte dauen..

[English translation:]

[The Longing]

The darkness mirrors my feelings, but there's a hole in the mirror.
A hole that never ends, just like the longing in my soul
The hole is like the longing in my soul.
The longing is like the hole, endless.
The longing after something enormous that I had,
What I had was as big as the longing enormous.

I like pain, but I don't really like it.
I scream, but I don't really scream
I'm dying, but I'm not really dying
I miss.

Before me is darkness, like the day is before you and the others
Before me is the day, like the darkness before you and the others
Before me is the scream, like the laughter before you and the others
Before me is death, like life is before you and the others

Gloomy is it, to think like this, gloomy is it to be like this,
Gloomy is it, to live like this, gloomy it is, I like it that way
Gloomy is it and gloomy shall it be.
Dark is it and dark shall it be.
Painful is it and painful shall it be.

The longing is the, but that shall not be.
What you shall not do is what I miss the most
What you shall not say is what I miss the most, you understand what I mean
It's you I miss most of all...

What I've lost have hurted, it won't get better as the years go by
It has only been painful, and the longing has been heavy
Pain, now I like it... Scream, now I scream...
Die, now I die... Longing, I miss you...
I die because I miss... And I don't miss death

[English translation #2:]

The darkness reflect my emotions
but there is a hollowness in the reflection
A hollowness that does not end
just like the longing of my soul

The hollowness is like the longing in my soul
The longing is like the hole, endless
The longing after something tremendous that I had
What I had was just as great as the longing: enormous

I enjoy pain but I don't really like it...
I scream but I don't really scream...
I die but I don't really die...
I long...

The dark is for me like the day for you and the others
The day is for me like the night for you and the others
The scream is for me like laughter for you and the others
Death is for me like life for you and the others

Dismal it is to think this way
Dismal it is to be this way
Dismal it is to live this way
Dismal it is, I enjoy it this way...

Dismal it is and dismal it shall be
Dark it is and dark it shall be
Evil it is and evil it shall be
The longing is there, but it should not be there...

What one should not do, I long for the most
What one should not say, I long for the most
You know what I mean,
It is you that I long for the most...

What I lost has hurt
It will never end
It has always been painful
And the longing has been hard

Pain: now I like it...
Scream: now I scream...
Death: now I die...
Longing: I long for you...

I die because I long, and I long for death...

