Listen to what is in some ways the first great speech of the poem, in book 1 of the 12 books
Satan, cast down by God to Hell with the other Rebel Angels, sees close by him One next to himself in power and next in crime.
Beelzebub, Satan's lieutenant
And Satan addresses him like this:

"If thou beest he; But O how fall'n! How chang'd
From him, who in the happy Realms of Light
Cloth'd with transcendent brightness didst out-shine myriads though bright: If he Whom mutual league,
United thoughts and counsels, equal hope
And hazard in the Glorious Enterprise,
Joined with me once, now misery hath joined
In equal ruin: into what Pit thou seest
From what heighth fall'n, so much the stronger prov'd
He with his Thunder: and till then who knew
The force of those dire Arms? Yet not for those,
Nor what the Potent Victor in his rage
Can else inflict, do I repent or change,
Though chang'd in outward lustre; that fixed mind
And high disdain, from sense of injur'd merit,
That with the mightiest rais'd me to contend,
And to the fierce contention brought along
Innumerable force of Spirits arm'd
That durst dislike his reign, and me preferring,
His utmost power with adverse power oppos'd
In dubious battle on the Plains of Heav'n,
And shook his throne."
[Paradise Lost, Book 1, 84-105, read by Ian Richardson]

In flickering dreams of dark fantasies
Blood is dripping down from the ceiling
Taking forms that remind you about the shadows of the past

But what is done now
You can never take back
The fallen star from the brightest light
Rebellion heart at its purest.

Born of flames, baptized in fire
Bear chaos inside this shell of flesh.
Hold the scepter, burn the eyes of your god.
This is my wolf pack, you are my prey.
This is my wolf pack, you are my prey.

Twisted faces take form
In the vapor of your window glass
Demanding to know
What have you done?

As years go by you just wipe them away
With a grin behind your mask.

Your steps so malicious that flowers around you wither
Steps so cold that the morning dew freezes
Come taste the light of my guidance, you say
But blinded are those who walk towards the light
Blessed are we who dwell in the night

You keep on looking for answers, but don't like the ones I can give
Dig your own grave deeper and deeper
Until you are in the bottom and can't reach the edge
But blinded are those who walk towards the light
Blessed are we who dwell in the night.

"What though the field be lost?
All is not lost; the unconquerable Will,
And study of revenge, immortal hate,
And courage never to submit or yield:
And what is else not to be overcome?
That Glory never shall his wrath or might extort from me.
To bow and sue for grace
With suppliant knee, and deify his power,
Who from the terror of this Arm so late
Doubted his Empire, that were low indeed,
That were an ignominy and shame beneath
This downfall; since by Fate the strength of Gods
And this Empyreal substance cannot fail,
Since through experience of this great event
In Arms not worse, in foresight much advanc't,
We may with more successful hope resolve
To wage by force or guile eternal war
Irreconcilable, to our grand Foe,
Who now triumphs [...]"
[Paradise Lost, Book 1, 105-123, read by Ian Richardson]

You keep on looking for answers but don't like the ones I can give
Dig your grave deeper and deeper
Until you are in the bottom and can't reach the edge
Come taste the light of my guidance, you say
But blinded are those who walk towards the light
Blessed are we who dwell in the night.

Born of flames, baptized in fire
Bear chaos inside this shell of flesh.
Hold the scepter, burn the eyes of your god.
This is my wolf pack, you are my prey.
This is my wolf pack, you are my prey.

