[Lyrics by Greg Vance and Elijah Whitehead]

"I command thee, join me for test of power is complete"
And we oblige, to Thagirion we trek
In the midst of those who bellow grief
We descend
And behold the chatter and gnashing spewed forth from the mouths
Of the fateful dead forever bound in servitude, bitter slaves to the black.

The black hand guideth me beyond the wall of dreams
Where demons dwell amidst the fallen souls and quell their bitter screams
Beneath the grounds we tread, in the halls of the hallowed dead
The burning wisdom in the heart of darkness - manifest

A blinding flash
And clap of thunder
Reveals the obscured path

The keepers of the flame surround he and I
Our hands are bound and our cloaks are pulled over our eyes
And we descend into the depths
Into the halls where darkest secrets are kept

Their mordant devils taunt and laugh at me
For I have only ears to hear without the eyes to see

And with this test of wisdom all shall be revealed
The flames consume and make us one
The starless crypt, unsealed

A hand so cold
Reached and touched my face
In a moment darkest symphonies
Swelled and rose inside of me
Sweet liberating force, rend my soul in twain!

O' great lord, into me you see, into me, I see.
Our souls rejoice as wisdom flo-eth free and darkness spreads across the lands.
Hail to the true bearer of light.

Ravenous beasts, spell bound into submission, line the walls of the halls
Paralyzed by fear, in a ghostly stare,
Only pieces of the tortured souls remain.
Broken and abhorred
Longing for dark desires
A void left unfilled
Their gaze cold as the master wizard rises for the black mass

O' great lord, into me you see, into me, I see.
Our souls rejoice as wisdom flo-eth free and darkness spreads across the lands.
Hail to the true bearer of light.

And lo, eyes gazed from the one seated at the left hand
Of the grand master, a voice crawled from beneath his hood.
"Beware, those who hear and nod in accordance, yet trespass against this bond
Will suffer a curse far beyond his mortal grave."

The gates opened wide
The flame consumed
And time stood still...

[Solos]

Whilst the darkness grasps my soul
I chant to thee o' dark lord
I beseech me on this night
Induct me into your kingdom where the sun shall not rise
We usher in the timeless aeon the heavens regress and coil
Within these halls, all truths are known
The evils transform me from within, I am reborn

All cannot know truth, for blinding is the light
To the mind of the neophyte exposed to the flame
His life force crippled, driven insane

And I cannot weep
For the fires of truth have destroyed all illusion
Within a dream of a dream, the conspiracy is clear to me.

For salvation, he cries
Indiscernible screams drenched in agony

Unto the mount
Laid before his feet
Smokeless flame arise
Enter The Adversary

His utterance flowing through each fibre of my being
With knowledge given of the omnipotent Word
My insatiable lust for blood surged

