[Lyrics are by Elijah Whitehead]
[Eternal hails to Mark Twain for his timeless contribution]

Where dreams are made flesh
In the place where truth reigns free
The depths within thee illumed -
There is no heaven for your kind
Thogh the Narcil scribe otherwise
Despite the corrupt master's hand
It is He who reveals the master plan -
All of man must die

And were it not for the king
My deliverance
Unto thee would not be
Yet with the eyes to see
Our cause
Would serve an imperfect God
Any semblance of hope for the
Restoration of the Sali'un way
Has gone
My purpose shall be in service of
The Fallen One

Gather the legions before me - hear me speak!
We shall rend the veil between the worlds
And invoke the reign of a new high king

The love for my fellows has been swept away
By the cold winds of shadow
Darkness is here to stay

All hope is lost
For man - irredeemed
Into the abyss I scream
I become thee, immortal, undying

I reached up as The Chalice descended, it was shapely and beautiful but unlike any material that had been seen.
It was brilliant, of every tint, and was never still, but flowed to and fro in rich tides
Which flashed out explosions of every color. I drank, and felt a witching ecstasy as of Heaven stealing through me.
And in that moment, I was transformed into the very essence of the fallen.
I have become Im'maud'hi - The Destroyer.

I raised the Dagger of Names, chanting "Amnu Na'ak Beru - Na'ak Ba'ran," sacrificing the Apprentice
His blood flowed into the Chalice as the last covenant was made complete.

Obhi ne iluhet ano bra'ak fal lejora
Ano na'ak ti et
The Archons stepped forth

Shepet - to rule the skies, to soar above the wretched masses

Teom - to rule the land, to drive them to submission
Athios - to rule the seas, to swallow them whole
Bethiet - to rule their hearts and minds, in service to I
And with the artifacts in hand, the path for my return to the earth is made known.

From each corner of the land, the legions shout

"Praise Be - Im'maud'hi - The Destroyer"

And it is we who will reign between worlds
Our goal in sight, and our actions unfurl

"Ik'thran'ithul is no longer of any use to me.
Step into the world and establish your reign as king.
And with thee enthroned, I am bound to the plane.
To reverse the lies of Pistis, to end all matter, shall be my claim"

"It is thee who shall be the final piece -
thy mortality dissipates
as you become the key to open the gate
and it was within thee all along
Weep not, rejoice, for you shall be remembered through the ages in song"

