Picture a man with his life in his hands
consumed by the death of his dreams
clutching at straws he dreams no more
a desolate figure, I am he
my agony fuelled by the shadows I ruled
I hide from the world in the dark
outwardly sane, I conceal my pain
life's touch cold steel in my heart

Wanting fearing facing life alone
I'm not hearing your reasons, so leave me alone

I'm on the brink of insanity, I think
consumed by flames of desire
the two-faced divinity a victim of tragedy
the flames now its funeral pyre
but the death still walks and the divinity talks
I'm facing it day by day
each glimse a hell I've come to know so well
see the idealist pay

Assaulted by the day, my inner world's grey-desolation
I'll take what I can though I hate what I am-abomination
alcoholic retreat instead of facing defeat-rejection
narcotic escape before it's too late-deception

I've invested my soul in achieving this goal
made pacts sworn oaths taken vows
I never realized each pact has two sides
what hope for my soul now?
we're both still here, one light one dark
though the cyclone now lies dead
so let's both dream of things we won't see
of worlds that will never be said

"The Fruits Of Ill Virtue"
Some people make a habit of sucking livelihood out of their fellow humans.
Everything they have is a profit gained at the expense of their peoples
misfortune. This song is about these people. Andy

"A Serenade For The Tragic"
Your feelings interface totally with your actions. Ruled by your emotions
and intermost desires, you live a life both catastrophic and divine. Mark

"Suffer The Shadows"
One look back; one regrets; and consequently one dies...
beautiful it isn't. Andy

"The Way Of All Flesh"
This is the song about emotional union; about understanding;
and above all, about loving someone. Andy

"Chinese Whispers"
If there is truth at the heart of mankind's beliefs, then the passage of
thousands of yearly surely have hidden it behind error, rumour and
misunderstanding. Strip away the layers of confusion and you shall find
the truth. Mark

"Soon Ripe, Soon Rotten"
We never listen and so we'll never learn. Society, the apple of our eyes,
is rotten to the core and is ripe for disposal in a universal garbage bag.
Andy

"Gather The Shattered"
A person takes an act that disintegrates him, thought by thought, down to
a primal level. As he then pieces his mind back together, he hopes that
both his mind and his soul will be the better for it. Mark

"My Soul Frayed Bare"
This about loving someone. Mark

Recorded &amp; mixed at the Excess studio, Rotterdam, Holland, during august'93.
Produced by Patrick Mameli.
Engineered by Hans Pieters.
Mixed by Hans Pieters &amp; Patrick Mameli.
All songs by Creepmine.
All leads by Rogier, except "The way of all flesh" by Andy.


