På gyrihaugen bodde gygra
Hu var så arg på'n st. olav
For han skulle bygge ei kjerke på stein
Mens hu ville laga ei bru over steinsfjorden

No kjerke over fjor'n ville a ikke veta ta
Så vart dem førlikte om en kamp
Den fyste som va ferdig hadde vønni
Den andre sku rive sitt bygg

Etter altfor kort tid kunne kjerkeklokka høres
Gygra måtte gi tapt
Hu vart så sinna at a kasta to kampestein
Men med ingen av dem traff a kjerka

Da vart a så sinna at a braut ta seg lårbeinet
Og jaggu så kasta a ikke det au
Men det datt ned på sletta nordafor kjerka
Det søkk ned i jorda og låg der og røtne

Og da var det gygerputten blei tel
Om vintern frøys ikke vatnet tel is
Det stinker som røti egg
Og rundt kanta ligger ei grå fale

St. olav rei sørover i bærja
Der møtte han gygra, som bar på sine traur

"olav, du med ditt store skjegg, hvi rider du så nær min berjvegg?"

Sola rann... st. olav svingte med værjet og svara:

"statt der i stokk og stein, heilt til eg kjem att!"

Der står a gygra den dag i dag, med traura på ryggen.

St. olav vant kampen mot gygra...

[English translation:]

The Ogress And St. Olav

On Gyrihaugen lived the Ogress
She was so angry with St. Olav
For he would have built a church in Stein
While she wanted to lay a bridge over the Steinfjord

Now a church over the fjord was out of question
So they agreed for a challenge
The first who was faster to build would win
The other had to tear down his own building

Shortly after you could already hear the church bell
The Ogress had lost
She was so furious that cast two boulders
But with none of them hit the church

So she got so mad that she pulled her femur off
And gosh she cast that too
But it landed on the plain to the north of the church
It sank down in the earth and laid there to rot

And there it formed the Ogress-pond
In wintertime when water doesn't freeze to ice
It stinks like rotten eggs
And all around lies a grey putrefaction

St. Olav rode southwards in the mountains
There he met the Ogress, she carried on herself a trough

"Olav, you with your big beard, why do you ride so near my mountain-walls"

The sun set...St Olav swung the sword answered:

"Stay there among stones and trunks, until I come back!"

There the Ogress stands since that day, with the trough on her shoulder

St. Olav won the challenge with the Ogress...

