[lyrics: Damen]
[music: Damen, Trancez]
[arranged by Crimson Falls]

Swallowed too many mass media masquerades
To believe everything that’s fed to me
Polarization in convictions causing fog on a clear view
Still in doubt, I can’t decide which side true
Still in doubt, I can’t decide which side true
What can we believe?
Who’s telling the truth?
We don’t have the knowledge to decide
About who’s wrong or who is right
Is global warming threatening us?
Existence of the earth in danger?
Are media and politicians blinding us?
Or can we rely on their information?
Can we afford to take a chance?
Risk to deny the problem?
Think it’s part of natural cycle?
And time will solve the problem?
Wouldn’t it be better, for safety’s sake
To change the way we live, adapt the way we act
And take certainty above an uncertainty
Certainty above an uncertainty
Wouldn’t it be better, for safety’s sake
To change the way we live, adapt the way we act
There are enough clues and indications
There’s really something wrong
So the choice is ours
Lose the earth in apathy
Or open our eyes, now close to the heat
Certainty above an uncertainty?
Certainty above an uncertainty?
Do you want to ask yourself why
In about twenty years time
Why it took more than All Gore’s plea
To kick our conscience and make us see
That the meagring of the earth
Was an omen of catastrophe
Do you want to ask yourself why
In about twenty years time
Why it took more than All Gore’s plea
To kick our conscience and make us see
The prophet of doom
Spreading the inconvenient truth
Not a trivial message
But an omen of catastrophe

After Al Gore came out with his documentary ‘An Inconvenient Truth’, global
warming became ‘hot’ in the media. We got flooded by scientific reports trying
to persuade us to join one of the different conceptions on this climatological
problem. Is the heating of the earth mainly a consequence of human actions or
is it Mother Earth having one of her mood swings? At this point I still don’t
know which vision is accurate; most of us don’t have the knowledge to decide
about who’s wrong and who is right. ‘Global warming’ isn’t the only topic on
which we can’t be sure what to believe. Are our politicians and media still
reliable? They have a big hand in our opinion, but their information is often
colored and incomplete so what can we believe? The sample in this song is build
out of quotes from ‘An Inconvenient Truth’ &amp; its opponent ‘The Great Global
Warming Swindle’. Who’s right?

