[lyrics: Damen]
[music: Damen, Van Dingenen]
[arranged by Crimson Falls]

The peace Utopia
A clash of cultures in the city of peace
Perfect harmony for three centuries
The peace Utopia - Welcome to Cordoba
The peace Utopia - Enjoy your stay in Cordoba
See them all coming to town
Jews, Muslims &amp; Christians
Great minds and artists
Scientists, historians and philosophers
A gathering of knowledge
In the oasis of tolerance
Alliance of the enlightened
In the shade of the Mezquita
A clash of cultures in the city of peace
Perfect harmony for three centuries
The peace Utopia - Welcome to Cordoba
The peace Utopia - Enjoy your stay in Cordoba
Different convictions
But living in peace
The ultimate incarnation
of a multicultural society
Coexistence of different nations
Cultures in balance, religions at ease
Naive, impossible and unrealistic?
Too many contemporary social obstructions?
Yeah, ok, let’s wrap up the plans and load our guns
I’ll kill your mother; you kill my son
The way it has been since the birth of man
Mutual hatred eradicates peace
The peace Utopia
A clash of cultures in the city of peace
Perfect harmony for three centuries
The peace Utopia - Welcome to Cordoba
The peace Utopia - Enjoy your stay in Cordoba
But still, utter utopian?
Welcome to Cordoba…

The city of Cordoba in Southern Spain proved centuries ago that it is possible
for different beliefs to live in peace. That a clash of cultures doesn’t
necessarily have to mean war. That different nations can live together in a
spirit of tolerance. Cordoba is the city of tolerance, the melting pot of
cultures. Muslims, Jews &amp; Christians lived here together in harmony for a long
period. The remnants are visible in the city where the old Jewish quarter (the
juderia) surrounds the big mosque, the Mezquita, which was first a Roman temple
and later also a basilica. It can’t be forgotten though that severe laws
attended this tolerance. Inhabitants had to pay taxes for instance to be
allowed to practice their religion. The city flourished in the 10^th century,
its fall was caused by quarrels between different emirs who ruled the city.

