Sunset, expect
This to be your last with Our vast return
As Death is set
At three sixes where hill beacons burn

Darkness, undress
Your descending skirts yield a thirsting altar
Blood-red, yet still unfed
Lips distend ending, time to falter
(Dominus)

Welcome, arms tied down crucified...
The slaughter

(Dominus)
Lightening freezes seven
(Dominus)
Outtakes from the rape of the world
(Dominus)
Sins expelled from Heaven
Now befoul from the bowels of Hell

Where the tragic in theory and practice fell

Last prayers hang in the air
Each unto their own rag and bonemeal saviours
Strung where crippled vultures dare
Golgotha
Coughs another cross to grave God's failure

(Dominus)
Once the forests spired
(Dominus)
Nurtured in Nature's heart
(Dominus)
Now dreat cedars feed the pyres
Need-fires lit for greater harm

(Dominus)
As Her children toy with razors
(Dominus)
Sightless and deeply scarred
(Dominus)
And the moon arose to phase Her
Cracks a grin so wide it hides the stars

And lights Our path back through the shattered glass

(We come like drumming thunder
Tides enwreathed in scum and plunder
Kraken-teethed to tear asunder
All those too blind to see...)

Where the tragic in theory and practice meet

Deranged, uncaged
We rage like a plague through this age of greed
Sowers of discord, growing wars to reap
A terrible crop to beat a vicious retreat

Scorched Earth, rebirth
Disintered in the writhe of the lone survivor
Whose worth is worse than the curse
Of Sardonicus choking on his own saliva

Who shares the last laugh now
Dead wedded fates fulfil their vows?
Foot in mouth of sacred cows
Face down in dust and poisoned ground...

Dani Filth: lycanthroat
Adrian: nordic thunder cracks
Gian: minor frets
Martin: suicide notes/broken heart strings
Paul: discordant abortion
Rob: nocturnal pulse

Thanks to sick_6_sick for sending tracks #4, #9 lyrics.
Thanks to PsykoDoughBoy, Strife82, sick_6_sick for sending track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to trinitridetolueen for sending track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to lian.bathory for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to trapper-hell, tlevine for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to d_samantha78 for correcting tracks ## 3, 4 lyrics.
Thanks to chefcharmander for correcting track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to juanjose for correcting track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to webauthor, branmuffin_fromhell666 for correcting track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to CTMacKay for correcting track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to Perversebeauty6, filth7986, jjpuszczyk and others for correcting track #9 lyrics.
Thanks to webmaster, Ziburism, d4rkmidian for correcting track #10 lyrics.


