Gateway to the afterlife, dissolver of perceptions.
Leave behind this mortal shell. Consciousness evolving separate from the existential form.
Forget all that you know. Load the crystals into the bowl.
Heart flutters as lungs fill. 

Dimensional, molecular transcendence. As your soul breaks:

Through to another dimension, there's an incredible self-transforming mass of raw and enlightening energy. Constantly evolving, twisting and turning into another realm entirely. 

Pay attention!

As you transcend the brains mechanics, the illusion of time. 
As you timelessly navigate this new environment, unlike anything you could ever begin to imagine.
Interconnectivity unlike anything you have ever experienced.

Impossible complexity! 
You are one with everything... Everything.
Ancient secrets slither through your astral structure, glistening as they pulse with psychedelic fractals... Probing, planting.

Knowledge from a higher place, consistently ensnaring and repairing beliefs of those that have been misconceived by falsely labelled prophets preaching nonsense from a book. Instead of knowledge from a higher place, consistently ensnaring and repairing beliefs of those that have been misconcieved by falsely labelled prophets preaching nonsense from a fucking book!

Take a look around you, there lies all the secrets of the universe. Take a look around you, there lies all the secrets of the universe. Take a look around you!

What's approaching? Ancient demon, NO! Being of infinite wisdom, tentacles of energy sprawl through existence as it communicates telepathically.

Feeding emotions through the fabrics of time. Interstellar knowledge of a distant and alien origin, seeping through sacred geometry. Granting a glimpse into understanding the sequence of this eternity. 

A decention; come back to your life, back to the room hands still clutching the pipe. Reborn, replenished, trapped inside: flesh, mass and matter of physical binds. What has been witnessed no language can describe! 

Dimensional, molecular transcendence.

