[Music by Nathuruss, Vidar, lyrics by Vidar]

And thou, the ascetic whore of all,
Whom all disasters did befall,
Before settled upon my soil and stood as a cause to all my toil,
I demand thee, release...

Feeling of loss in my self did emboss,
Such disastrous you are when you open my scar,
Waters of ocean take all my devotion,
May God's hidden mask cover all that I ask,
The pain may it sever, for now and for never,
For words do not ache, should my thoughts turn to fake?
Empty the shell from the liquid of hell,
Be the face from the black that commands the attack,
My demand to release all that should be released,
From the brain and the throat, from the lamb and the goat...

Whirlwinds ablaze – Thunder driven fire
Elements decay – Thousand one desires
The massive wooden factory tonight my calling answered
And mirrors staring back acknowledged...

Später... Danach...
Unleashed, thrown in raging, fucking kaos
Die Wille... Zu Macht...
Tossing and struggling, offer existence, beware!

Stinking of Sulphur... Raped in twilight dawn
´dicted to acid rains, Their ancestors of twelve disciples,
Never question their fatherland, failed is to remain dead!
Better breed your own kataklyzma alkemy – W73 – Kaos elementally...

Psykodelic essence into lungs of the believers,
We shall be protecting their thoughts before the downfall
That the Satanic age coming onto our sties brings...
Bayonet into every eye and sulphur onto every tongue
As we fulfill the will of the master emperor jesus.christ.thenazarene
His only purest heart whose enemies did die with even more cruelty
That the world has ever befallen...
Ein Krist... Ein Himmel... Ein Gott!

Stinking of Sulphur... Raped in twilight dawn
´dicted to acid rains, Their ancestors of twelve disciples,
Never question their fatherland, failed is to remain dead!
Better breed your own kataklyzma alkemy – W73 – Kaos elementally...

Whilst magnets prison my regrets, whilst fabric of the death and threats,
We with the acid rains shall dance until the stars awaken,
Whilst our burden carried is, and whilst ideas our dismissed,
We to disciples of the kaos our faces turn...

The Elements of Kaos... The deepest Kataklyzma
Our Elements of Kaos... The Alchemy Equilibric Tonight

