On the reach of the fifth kingdom 
An ominous darkness surrounds the road 
My legion froze, completely lifeless 
As my breath is getting cold 

What is this force? Where am I now? 
Who is denying my flaming crown? 
Where is the road? Where did it go? 
I can’t feel the rocks below 

Show yourself to me! 

In this night there is nothing that’s bright and I barely see the ashen light 
An eclipse of the face protrudes from the dark, this ghastly face I recognise 
How can this be? My eyes disagree, but standing right here, in front of me 
Is the Eternal Queen with a face so pale and her eyes shut tight behind a veil 

“Never again” were the only words that she said 

As she opened her eyes, I was consumed by the sheer absence of humanity 
Two vortices arise revealing the darkness where her soul used to be 

Such a glorious sight excites me beyond my grasp of reality 
Her icy skin sending chills from within, was she really once my enemy? 

I hold her tight while my flame shines bright and her soul consumes all of the other light 
For a while there was no sound, just a black sun high above the ground 

Lightning splits the skies 
Unites the power in our eyes 
Fires ignite our breath 
We transcend life and death 

Her presence makes me feel like I could burn the world 
We shall rule as the ageless tyrants in the everlasting afterworld 
Perpetual cries of the baseborn are the hymn to our joint reign 
With disdain we shall wipe the life off this horrid astral plane 

Never again will you be left out of my plan 
Never again! 
I will lead you to conquer worlds 

What is this force? Who am I now? 
Who is this jewel inside my crown? 
What is this soul? Where does it go? 
This vile feeling I can’t control 

The flames burn so cold, but the frostbite is hot 
United we’re stronger than we thought 
With our powers combined we will end all the lives 
Of the breathing scum that’s still alive 

All must die! Pray for all to die!

