“I was in a really dark place.
I even thought of packing it in, but I just could not bring myself to do it.
I met an old friend that I had a real connection with
And he saw my despair
He asked me if I’d like to play with him
And as we played I felt, slowly but surely, rock ‘n roll grabbed me by the neck, and I, well...”

You are a man of impeccable taste
And you know when the X marks the spot
We all need a map for the trail of your thought
Where to go, well, the X marks the spot

You seem to have a misgiving
Hell yeah, you make a living
Don't add bricks to what we're heaving
We would so much
Rather enjoy the beach, beer and a fire

You think something somewhere
Has a copyright for the world
And you've signed where the X marks the spot
You join a cult, fill the void that you've got
Deep within where the X marks the spot

There you stand and talk and holler
How dark are all your colors
When you paint another sunrise
You leave out the sun

Birds like you fly straight to heaven, heaven
Or they slowly float away

How well do you know those you're calling your own?
I mean... come on dude! (X marks the spot)

Your starving soul in your house of skin and bone
You're an island, the X marks the spot

“Testify children, testify.”

There you stand and talk and holler...
How dark are all your colors
When you paint another sunrise
You leave out the sun

[2x]
Birds like you fly straight to heaven, heaven
Or they slowly float away...

"Rock’n’roll allowed me to join this band
And there was a period of time when I hadn’t exactly lost my soul
I just didn’t know where I’d put it
And I ended up in some very dark places and some dire circumstances
Now let me tell you, children, I was trying to fill a void in my heart
To fill that void I got what I always wanted:
Success, prosperity, the admiration I wanted as a player
I got a place in big shows and travelled the world from end to end
And the next of it all, I had this yearning in my heart
Yearning in my heart for rock’n’roll."

"I was called to join this band
And I was surrounded by good folks there and servants of the rock’n’roll who passed on the love
I’ll testify: the fear was in me, I was afraid of everything
I can swear I saw my own living heart beating through my shirt."

You are a circus, but where is the clown?
There's no map, still the X marks the spot

There you stand and talk and holler...
How dark are all your colors
When you paint another sunrise
You leave out the sun

Birds like you fly straight to heaven, heaven
Or they slowly float down into the night with senior John Barleycorn.
Heaven, heaven
Or they slowly float away

"Now you children, are you ready to spread the word?
Everybody sing, “Eo – wohoho – hey-hey – wow-wow – hey-hey – hu?"

[2x]
Birds like you fly straight to heaven, heaven
Or they slowly float away...

"And the funny thing was I was like a spiritual baby running around with diapers on where the X marks the spot.
I'd given my life to rock'n'roll but I still wasn't sure was there rock'n'roll? Is it real?"

