Hadd zúgjon az álgyu! pogány Ali mond,
Pattog a bomba, és röpked a gránát;
Minden tüzes ördög népet, falat ont:
Töri Drégel sziklai várát.

"Szép úrfiak! a nap nyugvóra hajolt,
Immár födi vállát bíborszinü kaftán,
Szél zendül az erdőn, - leskel a hold:
Idekinn hideg éj sziszeg aztán!"

A vár piacára ezüstöt, aranyt,
Sok nagybecsü marhát máglyába kihordat;
Harcos paripái nyihognak alant:
Szügyeikben tőrt keze forgat.

"Aztán - no, hisz úgy volt! aztán elesett!
Zászlós kopiával hős Ali temette;
Itt nyugszik a halmon, - rövid az eset -;
Zengjétek Alit ma helyette!"

Két dalnoka is volt, két árva fiú:
Öltözteti cifrán bársonyba puhába:
Nem hagyta cselédit - ezért öli bú -
Vele halni meg, ócska ruhába'!

"S küldött Alihoz... Ali dús, Ali jó;
Lány-arcotok' a nap meg nem süti nála;
Sátrában alusztok, a széltül is ó:
Fiaim, hozzá köt a hála!"

Hogy vítt ezerekkel! hogy vítt egyedűl!
Mint bástya, feszült meg romlott torony alján:
Jó kardja előtt a had rendre ledűl,
Kelevéze ragyog vala balján.

"Rusztem maga volt ő!... s hogy harcola még,
Bár álgyugolyótul megtört ina, térde!
Én láttam e harcot!... Azonban elég:
Ali majd haragunni fog érte."

Mint hulla a hulla! veszett a pogány,
Kő módra befolyván a hegy menedékét:
Ő álla halála vérmosta fokán,
Diadallal várta be végét.

"Vége mikor lesz? kifogytok-e már
Dícséretiből az otromba gyaurnak?
Eb a hite kölykei! vesszeje vár
És börtöne kész Ali úrnak."

Apadjon el a szem, mely célba vevé,
Száradjon el a kar, mely őt lefejezte;
Irgalmad, oh Isten, ne légyen övé,
Ki miatt lőn ily kora veszte!

[English translation:]

The Two Pages Of Szondi (Part 2)

"`Let the canons roar, then!' heathen Ali speaks;
bombs shower on Dregel, hailstorming grenades fall -
hell's fiery legions rise to scale the peaks
hammering at the fortress' stone wall."

"Gentlemen handsome, the sun's gone to sleep,
over its shoulders are red robes of a kaftan;
wind strikes up the wood-stems, moon spies through the deep,
chilly night swishes o'er the dead captain."

"On the fortress' square all the silver and gold
Szondi has them build a treasure-pyre mighty;
with dagger in hand he must, fearless and bold,
put to death every whinnying palfrey."

"Well then, what of it now, so good Szondi fell.
...Ali acted nobly... Gave him a hero's rest.
He rests on the hilltop - this is what befell -
Start singing of Ali! Give him your songs' very best!"

"Well... he had two minstrels, a pair of orphaned boys,
clad them in the best clothes, velvety and soft-hued,
he would not allow them to die in garments soiled
so they mourn ... feeling sad, over-valued."

"He sent us to Ali... `Ali's lavish, Ali's good,
harsh sun will not darken your fair faces with him -
you'll sleep in his tent - there's no wind, but good food,
come on boys, pay your accolades to him!"'

"Szondi fought with thousands! Alone, he, and in vain!
Holding off the ruin with his own back merely -
armies fell in droves by his mighty sword slain
in his left hand his hauberk shone fiercely..."

"True... He fought like Rustem' - it can't be denied -
though his knees and sinews by our guns were broken,
true... I saw the fight... But stop! Ali will chide,
and his wrath must not vainly be woken!"

"Like crops fell the corpses, the Turks fell or fled,
littering the valley like landfill all gory.
He stood on the blood-soaked peak of his death
and awaited his own end with glory."

"Well, when will you stop? Won't you come to an end
whimpering the praises of your clumsy leader?
To hell with you bastards! To our whip you will bend
and you'll languish in Lord Ali's slammer!"

Let his eyes run dry that butchered such a lord
wither, O God, the arms that halted Szondi's darting,
spare mercy, O God, on none who could afford
be the cause of his early departing.

[Translated by Makkai Ádám]

[The Siege of Drégely began on 6 July 1552 when an Ottoman army of 12,000
men led by Hadim Ali Pasha arrived at the gates of Drégely Castle. In that
afternoon the first wave of Turkish cannon fire brought down the decayed
castle walls and the Janissaries captured the lower castle courtyard
without a fight. The next morning the Turks attacked but were defeated by
Szondy and his infantrymen, the Hajdús. Despite outnumbering them by 12 to
1, the Janissaries were defeated by Szondy's 100 Hajdús. After
acknowledging the bravery of his opponent Ali Pasha decided to launch a
full scale cannonade the next day. The walls were destroyed by noon on 8
July.

On 9 July 1552 Ali Pasha prayed to Allah in the early morning and
requested victory. He decided to send the local Catholic priest to Szondy
and offer him a choice: either to surrender and be given safe passage and
escort to Upper Hungary, or to perish. Szondy sent his scribe and servant
with his answer to Ali Pasha saying "Spare the boys and let God settle the
fate of this castle". In the afternoon the Janissaries attacked and Szondy
ordered the last cannonade to be fired and ordered a full scale attack
against the Turks. Four hours of intensive fighting ensued until Szondy's
forces were reduced to sixty men. Szondy led the attack and was shot
through the knee and fought even on his knees until he was brought down by
the Turks.]

Line-up:
Laura Binder - Vocals, Violin, Flute
András Ficzek - Vocals, Guitars
Mátyás Németh Szabó - Guitars
Barnabás Ungár - Keyboards
István Molnár - Bass
Tadeusz Rieckmann - Drums, Harsh Vocals

Guest musicians:
Renáta Kiss - Flute
Attila Fajkusz - Violins
Gergely Szőke - Violas, Lute, Backing Vocals, Choirs
Ernő Szőke - Doublebass, Utógardon (Transylvanian Percussive Cello)
Péter Kohlmann - Vocals, Backing Vocals, Choirs


Thanks to dragonheart01 for sending tracks ## 12, 13 English translations.


