[Special Edition bonus disc track]

Dusk and her embrace

When the sun has swept upon the waveless lake
And the mists steal in with ease
Covened wolves arc their eerie dissonant napes
In adoration of the moon and thee

"They call as I to thee..."

And I will come, as if in dream
My languid, dark and lustrous Malaresian Queen
Of vengeful, ancient breed
Gilded with the pelts of many enemies
Erishkigal, raven-haired
Thy seduction haunts the castle in erotic despair
I can taste thy scent by candlelight
Legs of porcelain traced and laced to their lair
Appease the beast on spattered sheets
Dyed unearthly red as sobriety weeps
Nocternity...
She shall come for me

A black velvet painting sprung to elegant life
Like a poignant Madonna perverted to night
And I have ridden from the westerning light
To expend my lust
Tear away the funereal dress
Know that I will escape from my death
Surrendered to the splendour of her sharpened caress

Lo! The pale moonlight
Weaves a poetic spell of vital death and decline
Of mist and moth and the hunger inside
Kisses took to fever and fever, demise

"Through twilight, darkness and moonrise
My scarlet tears will run
As stolen blood and whispered love
Of fantasies undone"

Countess swathed in ebony
And snow-white balletic grace
Rouge-filmed lips procure the wish
For lust and her disgrace

Dusk and her embrace

We shall flit through the shadows
Like a dream of (were)wolves in the snow
Under deady nightshade
Still warmed with the kills of afterglow

Beneath the stars thy flesh bedevils me
(Beneath the stars taste the death in me)
Bequeath to me thy fiery kiss
To sever thin mortality

Elizabeth
My heart is thine
Thy fragrant words
Warm within like wine...

"Let me come to thee
with eyes like Asphodel
Moon-glacing, loose desires free
To writhe under my spell"

Erishkigal, raven-haired
Thy seduction haunts the castle in erotic despair
I know thy scent by candlelight
Immortal flesh I yearn to share
Appease the beast on spattered sheets
Dyed malefic red as sobriety weeps
Nocternity
She shall come for me...

Unfurl thy limbs breathless succubus
How the full embosomed fog
Imparts the night to us

Line-up:
Dani Filth : Vocals
Paul Allender : Guitars
Dave Pybus : Bass
Martin "Marthus" Škaroupka : Drums

Session / Guest Performers:
Mark Newby-Robson : Keyboards
Sarah Jezebel Deva : Female Vocals / Backing Vocals
Doug Bradley : Narration
Stephen Svanholm : Additional Vocals
Carolyn Gretton : Additional Vocals
Luna Scarlet Davey : Additional Vocals (Dani Filth's daughter)

Choirs: Elissa Devins, Julie Devins, Leanne Harrison, Carolyn Gretton, Tonya Kay, Rachel Marshall-Clarke, Liz Willgoose, Laura Willgoose.

Produced by Andy Sneap.
Engineered by Scott Arkins and Andy Sneap.
Mixed and mastered March-June, 2008, by Andy Sneap at Backstage Studios, Derbyshire, England.
Vocal Engineer / Producer : Doug Cook
Artwork by David Ho.
Layout by Travis Smith.
Band photographs by Daragh McDonagh.
Costuming by Eternal Spirits.

All music written by Paul Allender, Mark Newby-Robson and Cradle of Filth.
Concept and lyrics by Dani Filth.
Published by Cradle of Filth Music Ltd/Peer Music.

Full album title:
Godspeed on the Devil's Thunder - The Life and Crimes of Gilles de Rais
This is a concept album, based on the life of the infamous 15th century French nobleman, Gilles De Rais, who fought alongside Joan of Arc and accumulated great wealth before becoming a serial killer, sexual deviant and Satanist.
The title of the album derives from a valediction vocalist Dani Filth once used to sign a letter.

2008 Roadrunner Records


Thanks to bloodyammar for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to littarus for sending track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to black.n.white.bg, u_telepuzika for sending track #3 lyrics.
Thanks to harsha.copperstone for sending track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to laith2x for sending tracks ## 14-23 lyrics.
Thanks to soul_in_hellfire, ctnstn for correcting tracks ## 3, 4 lyrics.
Thanks to jeandavid.gagne for correcting track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to ctnstn for correcting tracks ## 5, 7-10, 12, 13 lyrics.
Thanks to jeandavid.gagne for correcting track #14 lyrics.
Thanks to barron.jessica for correcting track #19 lyrics.


