I always wonder if there's something above our heads ?
drowning my eyes in the depths overlooking us
but i can't wipe off the doubt it's bringing in
who needs a reason to escape from the gallows ?
cause all the light i'm bathing in is fake
i shall just keep it, shall keep it away from me
i forged myself on what i've been living not on what i was supposed to feel.

Because my life has been made for me to live it alone (alone)
i just can't give another part of myself
all i can get.. yes all i can get is a fucking missing piece instead / OH
now my conscious can't reach the surface
there's nothing above us, no nothing above
yet i'm left with my shoulders to hold on another dawn

get me out of this mess that i'm in
i can't find my place through the masses nor find a reason to search it
I tore my mind to shreds, beating my heart to death to find
peace in here. there's another part of my delusion

cause my life has been made for me to live it alone
you'll never give us anything
so what can be shared between us ?
because i got nothing to give
you should have known i got nothing to show you
no hope, no sorrow, i just won't let you know.

i always wonder if there's something above our heads ?
here in this time, i'm not counting on the faith
but i can't wipe off the doubt it's bringing in
for i can't see the walls when they collaspe on me.
cause all the light i'm bathing in is fake
i shall just keep it, shall keep it away from me
i forged myself on what i've been living
not on what they were supposed to bring

i mean it's hard to live just like there's no meaning to it
shit my throat is tied beneath this god damn truth.

I've learned your fables, but to me, they're nothing more but a fucking trend.
Your stories only bring the grief, an outburst when the thunder screams.
Life brought the worst, but now this is just nothing less but the end of this all.
A false story grows to numb the pain, reassuring me to not awake the hatred.

OH PLEASE
get me out of this mess that i'm in
i can't find my place through the masses nor find a reason to search it
I tore my mind to shreds, beating my heart to death to find
peace in here. there's another part of my delusion

i always wonder if there's something above our heads ?
here in this time i'm not counting on the faith
because we're left with a rope upon our fucking neck
so get ready to live in vain
you know that i got nothing to show
no faith, no hope, no home, no sorrow
but i just, oh i just won't let you know



