Lenge jag I sommarhettans dagar sokt men dig ej funnit
Kempat, trelat och I solens blendande sken jag brunnit
VI mi odslat vira liv men VI even en dod var vunnit
Dig, Elishia skall jag finna vart du en har forsvunnit

irstider de alla igenom jag vaktar med
Leende si stort, jag herskar over allt
Moder jord nu domer VI dig doden
Si som VI alla andra kommer att do

Elishia...
Tillsammans skall VI herska
Moder jord...
Skall I vira hender do

Elishia, dotter av de tre minarna
Skall jaga I natten tillsammans med mig
Och ner VI gjort virt kall si senk oss I vir grav
Djupt, djupt I doden ned

Himmel bli och ljuv sommareng
Lit er vaggas I ondskans seng
Svarta slojor, svarta lovverk
Undergingen nalkas si lit oss gi

Det stilla regnet faller I natten
Si er rymden I sin saknad
Svarta tirar, svart tomhet
En sista kyss si smeksam och mjuk

Den eviga vandringen I den utvaldes morkaste tankar
Pi KaaoTaoNuus strender,
der slott som evigt trasiga stir
Du ljuset son si liten,
dig jag isamka denna smerta
kallad sorg...
...En resa I morkret...

Moder jord, Elishia och jag dig skall setta I brand
VI skall sedan fornedra och vildfora oss pi land efter land
Elishia VI skall vandra I detta krigets herjartig hand I hand
VI som Satan tjenar er forenade med de starkaste band

Vacker... Sommaren for andra mi vara
Jag... Endast vill doda och do

VI vandrat den ensamma vegen si mork
Si okeng och farlig for er andra
Ni oss aldrig kommer att forsti
VI dyrkar doden och ondskans makt
De falsa skall falla for vira fotter
Smi menniskor, VI era hersare er

The shadow went longer until darkness became complete
The superior humans so proud came forward

[Translation:]

I have been searching for you in long days of summerheat
But you I have not found
Struggling, enslaving and the in the dazzling glare of the sun
I have burned
We may have waste our lives but a death we have won
Elishia, you I shall find wherever you have gone

Through all the seasons I guard
With a smile so big, I rule everything
Mother earth we now punish you to death
Just like all of us are going to die

Elishia...
Together we shall rule
Mother earth...
In our hands shall die

Elishia, daughter of the three moons
Shall hunt together with me in the night
When our call is over, lower us down to our graves
Deep, deep down into our death

Sky blue and sweet summermeadow
Let yourself be rocked in the bed of evil
Black veils, Black leafage
Run approaches, so let us go
The silent rain falls in the night
So quiet is the space in it's lack
Black tears, black emptiness
A last kiss, so caressing and soft

The eternal walk
In the darkest thought of the chosen
On the shores of the Kaa-Ta-Nu
Where the castles of no repair stands
You little child of light
I give you this pain called sorrow...
A journey into darkness...

Mother earth, Elishia and I, you shall put into flames
Then we will humiliate and rape land after land
Elishia we shall wander in this ravaging army of war,
Hand in hand
We who Satan serve are linked with the strongest of bonds

Beautiful... Summer for the others may be
I... Only want to kill and die

We have wandered the lonely road so dark
So unknown and dangerous for you others
You will never understand us
We worship death and power of evil
The false ones will fall at our feets
Small humans, your rules we are
The shadows went longer until darkness became complete
The superior humans so proud came forward

