It’s the injunction – of youth naiveté
A basic function – effortless grasp for glory

Low – the standards take a bow – to please the mind so 
Slow – complexity denied – aim low – to reach the
Top – clone - that what is known … tyranny

Tyranny – teenagers dictate don’t you see
Tyranny – power bought with their parents' money

A backwards revolution to hinder evolution
I come to the conclusion, those kiddies have to die

This is why I shout and plant the seed of doubt

The vanishing of common sense of just rewards for excellence
No glorifying of overpaid strippers, no minimalism and douchebag hipsters
Clean up this mess, of impersonators, of sing-along assholes no real creators
Get rid of the robots, artistic cripples, no ordinary, no lower class and no art for the masses not for the ignorant, educate the dumbasses

Here comes the rage
On the top of this redundant orgy of crap
Thrones a pack of suits pretending to keep it all on track
Force feeding you clones of the same simple turd
Withholding you options and variation
Absurd is the fellowship they breed every day
Scarier how simple to brainwash their prey
Just induce a boner and you are on your way
Nice cars and some bling bling – why don’t you just fucking
DIE!

This is why I shout and plant the seed of doubt

The vanishing of common sense of just rewards for excellence
No glorifying of overpaid strippers, no minimalism and douchebag hipsters
Clean up this mess, of impersonators, of sing-along assholes no real creators
Get rid of the robots, artistic cripples, no ordinary, no lower class and no art for the masses not for the ignorant, educate the dumbasses

But I won’t cede I’m here to stay
Not all is lost in this decay
You’re here that’s why it’s not in vain
You still make use of your brain
It’s hate that binds us in the end
Unites us all to a new blend
A wide array not just a trend
Deny the shit it’s in your hand
Clench your fist and bang your head
Scream and shout till pop is dead
Use your rage and give ‘em hell

I know what is true, I will never become like you. You're a cunt!
I scream and shout I'm down on my knees. Shut the fuck up I'm begging you, please.
Argh, you've got nothing on me.
It hurts so hard, so deep in my brain, I need to return this cerebral pain.
Generic that's why I despise you, you know your music won't ever be true.
You Hormonstrosity.

