I can see all there is to see 
but I'm blind to my fate, 
to what may come. 
I think I'm awake 
but stealing upon me 
like the frost in the night 
I neither see nor notice the moment when it comes 
Light is what I look for. 

I want to be conscious, 
aware of what happens now 
and what happened then. 
You feel like a bewildered entomologist 
who now and then encounters true and original experiences, 
but many times discovers that it has all been false. 
Who lays down the rules? 
My knowledge points at the Self, 
so it isn't strange at all that you think you know 
and mistrust your experiences at the same time 
when later you get it in perspective and are able to investigate. 
But I must put the question: 
Is this true? 
To what degree are you and I affected by everything around? 
To get a clear picture of yourself 
you must of course have others 
who can bandy back your ideas to you, 
make contradictions and attack you from angles 
you didn't know existed. 

But I ask myself the question if there was none 
with any other opinions than yours 
would you say you could be awake then? 
You wouldn't see the whole world 
nor be aware of anything beside yourself, 
but that would naturally seem the total reality. 
This way of thought might veil over the truth 
and make you blind. 
You ask maybe where in the world you are and what you do, 
but to discuss the question with yourself 
might reveal which way you took and which you didn't choose. 
Best of all would be to find the keys to the treasury of wisdom, 
but would that make life better...? 
All your experiences of life tell you 
that each man wherever he is has his own worries to fight. 
The keys to the treasury of wisdom 
will never be found, because it would mean 
you would become totally enlighted, lonely 
and independent of everybody. 
So what would then be the meaning of life? 
When life is the one and only thing we own 
and once again the questions asked 
create more questions still. 
Maybe all the answers will come 
when we have left this earth and enter 
what is there beoynd. 
That will probably be experienced 
as different as we are different from one another 
and due to who and when it happens. 
But the answer to the questions must be waiting for you there, 
for if there are no answers 
how is it possible that we should puzzle over them here?

