Ladies and Gentlemen, latest news have arrived that the police department proudly announced having caught the person responsible for the cruel downtown murder last week on Christmas Eve. The twenty-four years old woman was the children's mother and wife of the murdered man. While the first interviews in the neighbour- hood last week seemed to prove the man's reputation as a careful father and loving husband, we achieved newest information of reliable sources about the results of further investigations reflecting an impenetrable net of mistreatment, lies and deception. We'll keep you informed about the development and like to make you focus your attention to our special edit about tragedy in younger families tonight at 10:30 and especially to our live-report from the local trial in this case beginning next monday. Goodbye for now and stay tuned!

Clock is striking midnight, I'm sitting in my cell
So cold the walls, no beam of light here in this hell
I saw the fear inside the eyes of my own child
So cold my heart felt when its blood ran down the knife

He played the ruler, knocked me down just if he liked
Time healed my scars but not the wounds I had inside
He blew my mind I couldn't stand it anymore
I said good-bye no turning back no more

Cries surrounding me, voices I have heard before
Keep on haunting me
Why am I in here? I'm imprisoned in a lonely
Cell inside of me

I felt a force like beeing pulled right to a gate
Foresaw deliverance in the glimmer of a blade
But in the end I've got no freedom I looked for
I'm still a loner cannot turn no more

Cries surrounding me, voices I have heard before
Keep on haunting me
Why am I in here? I'm imprisoned in a lonely
Cell inside of me

she: What did you say? What does it mean?
... no regret? But, .... who's
actually callin'?

1st: Don't pretend! You know who I am!
It's me - I'm you!

2nd: Shut up and leave her alone!
She has to repent and
wait for her punishment.

1st: Oh no, she's done nothin' wrong.
What could she do? She got no choice!

2nd: She could have tried to be a much
better wife than before.
She really didn't give her best.

1st: Don't forget all the cruelty
she had to stand.

2nd: She got hit every day and beaten
every night. She was cursed like
a dog and sput in her face.
It must have been hell on earth.

1st: The tears she shed were even more
than all blood spilling that night.
The children cried.

2nd: The children, the children cried
even more.

1st: She began to tremble in fear,
fear of the pain. It all seemed
to become louder.

2nd: fear ... pain ...
louder, louder, louder...

Her flesh began to creep. She took
the knife and pushed it down. N O W!

1st: And suddenly there was nothing at all!

It's always in my heart a picture of a man
I knew and used to love
Was all we've said and done, our life,
no more than just a house of cards?

I took out of my heart a picture of a man
I could not understand
But all we built and shared has broken down
just like a house of cards!

All my love has gone away, all I feel is only hate
(You) gotta get away from me (I) gotta get you outta here
Never want you back again, I hate all of you!

Hate your arms and hate your legs
Hate your face and hate your back
Hate your look and hate your eye
Hate you even when you die
Even hate to love even hate to hate!

Cries surrounding me, voices I have heard before
Keep on haunting me
Why am I in here? I'm imprisoned in a lonely
Cell inside of me

