[Music: Schaffer / Lyrics: Schaffer]

Through the flames I watch
As you plead on your knees
The reaper awaits

The ride that you take
Through the lake, lake of flames
Will decide your fate

Was all of it worth eternal pain
The path you chose to live in vain
The river Styx is calling your number
The hot winds of Hell breathe your name

[Bridge]

On the night that it came to me
It was like nothing I'd ever seen
A vision darker than death itself
A violent cloud straight from the depths of hell
And that's when I saw my destiny
As it approached I was frozen still
I couldn't move, couldn't scream for help
Out of the darkness it reached for me
And that's when it planted the evil seed
And that's when I saw my destiny

[Chorus]

Travel in Stygian
The damned scream my name
Travel in Stygian
I can't repent it's too late
Travel in Stygian
Hot winds blow upon me
Travel in Stygian
No remorse it's too late

[Bridge]

The henchman awaits you
Yes that's right, step aboard
We have a very long journey
You owe us
You got what you wanted
In your mortal life
Now your soul is in our grasp
It's time

Riding on the hot winds of hell
Traveling down in the ship of pain
I chose this fate no turning back
The river Styx has called for me.

Iced Earth's second effort is a concept album with a mystical,
horrific story line. It traces the path of a man who is betrayed by
religion and turns away from it in anger. The dark forces of nature
reach out to this  enraged man and use him as their vessel to bring
death and destruction to Earth.  Through it all, he feels no remorse
for his deeds, and upon reaching the end, numbly accepts his fate
of eternity in Hell.  Musically, the band picked up a new singer
and drummer for this album. The singing is a definite improvement
from the debut, ranging from a poweful growl to a Halford-like scream.
Such skill is necessary to portray the wide range of feeling on this
album.  There's quite a bit of background keys on this disc, some
choral moaning, and a memorable piano outro, which all add to the
dark mood.  There are also several excellent acoustic passages seamlessly
interwoven with the driving guitar riffs.  The music meshes perfectly with
the story, magnifying the hatred, manic joy, confusion, and sadness
present in the lyrics. After listening to this musical masterpiece,
one cannot help but to feel some of the sadness and guilt that the
Stormrider was unable to feel for himself.

Night of the Stormrider
(1992, Century Media)
Jon Schaffer - Vocals, Rhythm Guitar
Randy Shawver - Lead Guitar
John Greely - Lead Vocals
Dave Abell - Bass Guitar
Richey Secchiari - Drums

Produced by Tom Morris and Jon Schaffer


