[Storyline]
The Black King Theodoric put a creature to chase the army of the Alliance. A creature as old as time and as evil the power that had corrupted the mind of Theedoric: a dark shadow that could not be defeated. Quickly the bestial creature reached the wastelands of the Alliance. The smoke from the fire mixes with the scent of blood, bones and metal, and this made the air heavy. Soon the creature began his demonic work, corrupting each soldier of the rest of army of General Dragonheart, the man whose honor and glory are too big to be told. General Dragonheart had noticed the strange behavior of his fellow soldiers. He spoke to his support in magic, Arlin, and then he has been told of a fact that his heart would not believe: the bestial creature who had corrupted his king was destroying his soldiers, one after another. Side by side with Arlin and the Stone of Time he waits for the next step of the Black Shadow and, in a battle of torment and fire they finally have been able to expel the creature of the lands of the Alliance. But the creature was still alive because it is eternal. And that's why those who have pure heart must be always alert...

A pariah born in these dry lands
A creature as old as the time that we live
Ancient gods trembling in front of it
Torment and fire are their catacombs
You can't understand their pain
All their strength are gathered in the mind
Use your head, the shadow in their eyes
Will take you to it
Scream here, freedom is distant now
Fight here, with your blood and spells

[Chorus:]
Black Shadow - Torment and fire we see
Black Shadow - Agony of all minds
Black Shadow - Move into the stones
Black Shadow - You can't change what you are

Psychic pain magic and mist
You need to use them to cross rivers of blood
Here lies the victory of the Alliance
Against the evil of Shadow Land

Slaughtered minds, l can feel them all
Replace the horror face of divinity
You may be lost when the perversion has ended
Eyes burning into flames, the victory is mine
Fight here with your blood and spells

[Chorus]

You can't understand their pain
Use your head
Eyes burning into flames, the victory is mine
Fight here with your blood and spells

[Chorus]

