Gaze into my broken eyes, where laughter and sorrow collide. Scattered are
the pieces which time forgot. See the cracked mirror walls, emerald mist
flowing down the halls. Shattered pieces of a forgotten puzzle. Feel the
shaking of my room, welcome to my most humble tomb. Lay your head upon the
crimson velvet pillow. Relax as I tell you a tale when lunacy reigned and
madness prevailed. Long nailed fingers run through silken hair. Our poison
tongues now dance, wet with entrancing liquors. We drown in burning
ecstasy, but you seek something more than this. Tonight another looking
glass will crack. My promises too broken, did you believe what I've spoken?
The echoes shall splinter your mind like they did mine. Prepare my darling,
for the nocturnal wedding.ble tomb. Lay your head upon the crimson velvet
pillow. Relax as I tell you a tale when lunacy reigned and madness
prevailed. Long nailed fingers run through silken hair. Our poison tongues
now dance, wet with entrancing liquors. We drown in burning ecstasy, but
you seek something more than this. Tonight another looking glass will
crack. My promises too broken, did you believe what I've spoken? The echoes
shall splinter your mind like they did mine. Prepare my darling, for the
nocturnal wedding.

[Solo - Aphazel]

Gaze into my broken eyes where a deranged love rises, to greet your
lovelorn flesh. Hallucinating like undead shamans, You feel the rapturous
sting of first death and collapse into lonely arms. Look now with night
piercing eyes, not quite broken, but time shall remedy. Lick my
blood-soaked lips once more, taste the stain of wondrous insanity. The
constant shrieking in your mind drives you crazy. Yes, my darling, I can
hear it too. The answers you seek lie in the reflection. Be still, allow
the images to caress you, here everything is upside down. Cackling like
undead hyenas, you feel the boggling slap of dementia and collapse into
delighted arms.st death and collapse into lonely arms. Look now with night
piercing eyes, not quite broken, but time shall remedy. Lick my
blood-soaked lips once more, taste the stain of wondrous insanity. The
constant shrieking in your mind drives you crazy. Yes, my darling, I can
hear it too. The answers you seek lie in the reflection. Be still, allow
the images to caress you, here everything is upside down. Cackling like
undead hyenas, you feel the boggling slap of dementia and collapse into
delighted arms.

My little pet, how foolish you've become. Yesterday's sweet dedications of
love are part of an infantile dream fading fast. You raise your vampyrie
eyes to consume my heart. But since it's been viciously torn apart, you
see, a time will fortunately come when you realize our kind cannot stomach
'togetherness', for love is but an arduous game mortals play. So from this
day you are mine, to be my immortal concubine.

