We have traced the movements of the tribes
Led in chains from the burning ruins
Of their beloved city into captivity ...
After two-thousand years of exile and dispersion,
They have returned home gathered out of
Many people .. unto the former wasteland ...
They have come to claim their promised land
And embrace their tragic and prophetic role ...
Bruised and bleeding from the centuries of suffering,
they stand to pay the price of blood once more ...

God save Israel, the sword of scarcity hangs over her,
The false peace has set the stage, the final holocaust awaits ...
... And when the power of the holy people is completely shattered,
All these things shall be finished ...
When the fullness of the gentiles is finished,
All Israel shall be saved ...

"In his eyes we shall rise, arise and measure his temple divine ...
In his time we are aligned, restore the sanctuary of his Christ ..."

And in the time when the third temple stands,
The hour of redemption is surely at hand ...

"Lord, set your sanctuary in our midst forevermore,
See us as we are lost in the day.
The truth come forth we pray, o Lord
Bring us our eternal destiny, redeem the earth
From the curse of sin and suffering; we sing 'Maranatha' ..."

"Israel; my people stand and seek my face again ...
And is shall come to pass that in the days at last
I will pour out my spirit on flesh, and your sons and
Daughters shall prophesy .. And young men shall see visions,
And old men shall dream dreams ... through the eyes of
A child, in the time of the seals is the promise revealed ..."

"Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet
Before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord ...
Behold my covenant concealed in time;
The law of Moses is revealed ...
And I will give power unto my two witnesses ..."

"Behold the voice of one is crying in the wilderness;
Prepare the way of the Lord ..."
Behold, the prophet of the law has come
To you again .. the day of my wrath is born ...
Behold the prophets of judgment have come,
Behold the two anointed ones ...
And they shall prophesy twelve-hundred sixty days ..."

And I saw four angels at the corners of
The earth, holding back the winds,
Awaiting command ...

Behold divine ascension from the rising of the sun,
The seal of the living God
The voice of one calls ...

"Do not harm the earth or the sea
Until we have sealed the servants
Of our God upon their foreheads ..."

And I heard the number of the sealed;
One hundred and forty-four thousand revealed;
Twelve thousand times twelve thousand sealed
From every tribe of the sons of Israel ...

"... Of the tribe of Judah, of the tribe of Rueben,
Of the tribe of Gad, of the tribe of Asher,
Of the tribe of Nephtali, of the tribe of Manesseh,
Of the tribe of Simeon, Of the tribe of Levi,
Of the tribe of Issachar, of the tribe of Zebulon,
Of the tribe of Joseph, of the tribe of Benjamin ..."

"Rise and measure the temple of God ...
Protect my beloved city until I come ..."

"Weather the storm, weather the storm ..."

"O my people who dwell in Zion;
Do not fear the assyrian ...
He shall be brought into the temple;
Crowned in desolation ...
When you see the abomination
Standing in the holy place;
Then let those are in Judea
Flee unto the mountains ...
Brace yourself for the holocaust,
Prepare for your final exodus ...
And do not seek his rising kingdom, for it is lost ...
But the kingdom of the true messiah
Is eternally come ..."

"Occupy until I come ..."

