This is the final warning
Before the final wave of persecution
And the coming inquisition ...
Somewhere between life and death,
The black prince is manifest ...

The abomination of desolation comes;
The spirit of the age, with an ancient desire,
The embodiment of evil is risen from fire ...
And the man of sins is revealed ...
The son of perdition is marked and sealed ...

The antichrist is the seed of the serpent of lies
And deceit .. and he shall sit as a god
In the temple of God, showing himself to be king ...
He shall honor a god of fortress,
And anoint himself in blood as resurrection's son
Rising from the dawn ...

He shall reign through fallen angels,
And make war against the saints,
As he feeds upon the martyrs,
The blood of children rains ...
He shall fall upon the chosen
And divide the land for gain:
Twelve-hundred-sixty-days;
Israel betrayed ...
As he defiles the sacred temple
And the sanctity within; the curse of sin and death
The holocaust begins ...

... And he shall strike the earth; insane ...
And those who come against him shall be slain
To fall by his power; until it is absolute ...
The hour awaits ...

The final enemy of humanity is a man ...
Behold, the Assyrian is marked where he stands;
As the angels bleed and the wicked be concealed;
It is revealed ...
In his violent stare ... gazing upon the holy land ...
Coming forth to conquer the world ...
"I will send the world to war ... I will go out with
Great fury to destroy all who reject my claim ...
And the chaos will reign .. and nation will rise against
Nation, and kingdoms shall burn in flames, and every
Man's sword will slay ...
I will drench the world in blood ... and the earth will
Shake in every place, and the world will seek my face ...
I will usher in the time of terror and alter
The balance of power for all time condemned ...
At the time of the end, the king of the South will attack,
And the king of the North will come with his armies
Cursed to fall ...
I will annihilate them all ...
And their flesh be consumed from their bones ...
And their eyes be dissolved in their heads ...
And the tongues from the mouths of the dead
Will scream in silent horror of defeat
As they stand on their feet ... all the world will weep ...

Let them come up; proclaim to the nations:'Prepare
For war, and the horrors of hell that shall follow its son ...'

All the power of the devil has come ..."

