Hold me close, don't turn away...
My need is your need, and I need you to stay
Don't cut the wire, don't leave it just too tight
Can change us a chameleon but never betray my spirit and soul
Like water we can be everything everywhere

Finally free, anyone can rely on this
Can't fall down no more, just dive and rise again
Shipping the power with our looks and touch
Listen to the voice within dancing in the twilight here and now

The awakening
Time to change and heal the minds as a whole (our minds as a whole)
Ain't looking for another fight
Rolling down our lives free like we can control our destiny
Here we go... Rise to it ... See our pockets still filled with chains, oh, yeah
Forget the numbers 'cause we can feel when it's right
We can feel when it's right, forget the numbers

Carved in stone... your name and a date is what remains
Not for me, not for you... the awakening lives forever

So many ways to fire things up will lead us to our core
We found the flow, we're feeling the hole inside
Only time will tell the distance we create inside to find balance between head and heart

The awakening
Time to change and heal the minds as a whole (our minds as a whole)
Ain't looking for another fight
Rolling down our lives free like we can control our destiny
Here we go... Rise to it, drawing shapes and colors around our brains
Open the right side and you can still have it all

(Memories can give us the answers)
Reaching to the awakening
Like going through the needle's eye
Memories can give us the answers
When I open my eyes you'll see we have all become blind
Counting tears that came alive
No crying for tomorrow, enjoy what's yet to come
We're starting our fears down, they look so small, so little from here
Uh, those little fears... no crying for tomorrow

The awakening
Time is change and heal the minds as a whole (our minds as a whole)
Ain't looking for another fight
Rolling down our lives free like we can control our destiny
Here we go... Rise to it... See our pockets still filled with chains, oh yeah
Open the right side and you can still have it all
You can have it all, you can have it all.

