Along the west coast of a modern land,
I anchored my boat in the gloom...
Anxious, I walked up the steep rolling hills in the fog –
In the light of the moon.
Welcome travelers from Sacramento to San Francisco!

Passing by miners digging for gold and silver all through the night...
Fishermen, fishing for Dungeness crabs – or anything else that might bite.
One of the miners hands me a strange dark rock and says, "It's all right."

I turn around from this kind old man and notice a flame fierce and bright...
Standing, now on top of a hill my neck skin crawls and I feel a chill –
Cause at the docks my old brigantine's on fire and is sinking!
Is this the end?!
I wonder as I run – running faster than anyone!
No, I won't surrender – I'll never back down!
I'll find my own way in this prodigious town!

Nothing to rescue – it's far too late – I realize as I get close,
Stopping to catch my breath outside old Victorian homes.
I don't have a boat to sail with no more – I guess I just have to walk...
I'm heading south, crossing a giant bridge sturdy as a rock.
But at the docks my old brigantine's on fire and is sinking!

It's not the end!
Determined, as I stroll –
Head held high, I will never fall!
No, I won't surrender – I'll never back down!
I'll find my own way in this prodigious town!

I hear bullet shots and wild horses escape away from the mainland and into the lake...
And as I run towards an abandoned saloon,
I notice a graveyard for hot air balloons.

One has a wicker basket good as new –
Another an envelope with twigs sticking through.
A small sewing job now and this bag's complete –
The only thing lacking is a source of heat.

I check my pockets quietly, but all I have is that rock.
I smash it in anger – into the ground – and notice a small spark!
This isn't granite of a lump of coal but quite a magical stone...
Ascending towards the sky, I guess that old man was right all along.

Astounded, as I fly –
Looking down at the night sky!
I didn't surrender – I didn't back down!

No, this ain't the end!
Astounded, as I fly –
Looking down at the night sky!
I didn't surrender – I didn't back down!
In this prodigious town!

