I guess this the end...

I fear this darkness creeping up on me – a cold touch of death... of death...

I don't know what to make of this feeling – I want away!
I want away!
I'm not fading away... I'm being pulled towards something that I can't explain –
This isn't right

The darkness trying to swallow me...
I'm breaking, I'm breaking free
Free from myself, from the pain that I'm in –
But I'm still in this place, it's holding me tight...
Thinking of the highlights of my life

I feel like I'm floating...
Trying to find solid ground
What is this place!
Where am I?

Is that a light that I see?
Is that a light inviting me?
Do I step in... or do I stay?

...I can't stay here anymore...

Wake me up!
There's so much more to see

I fear this darkness creeping up on me – a cold touch of death... of death...

I don't know what to make of this feeling – I want away!
I want away!
I'm not fading away... I'm being pulled towards something that I can't explain –
This isn't right

The darkness trying to swallow me...
I'm breaking, I'm breaking free
Free from myself, from the pain that I'm in –
But I'm still in this place, it's holding me tight...
Thinking of the highlights of my life

I still feel like I'm floating...
Trying to find... something

It's hard to leave this crazy world...

Norway, Russia, Barents Sea, to Atlasov Island
Sea of Okhotsk, Philippines, Korea and Japan
Midway Islands, Canada, Mexico, U.S.A.
Belize, Nicaragua, Peru, Ecuador and Chile

I wish the gods had granted me just one more year
Cause I want to meet everyone and set foot everywhere!

Portugal, Spain, Belarus, Sahara, Ireland
Turkey, Syria, Oman, Tanzania, Kazakhstan
Bolivia, Puerto Rico, Greenland, Iceland and Guinea
The Baltic, Red, Dead, Pacific, North and Atlantic Sea

The world!
The world is an ocean of opportunity for me!

But it's too late for that...
I wonder where I am now...

In that universe is... someone... with me?
I'm still here...

I! I live in darkness!
Embraced by Death's cold touch!
Living in the past – but I know that there is much more than this!

Much more than this...

I'll stay right here
Waiting for something to come or take me away
I will keep trying to find my solid ground and leave

The darkness trying to swallow me...
I'm breaking, I'm breaking free
Free from myself, from the pain that I'm in –
And yeah I am still in this place trying to find my way...
Slowly consumed by the darkness

Oh...
This feels like the start of something horribly great!

PelleK ‒ Vocals, Keyboards
Ingemar Bru ‒ Bass
Stian Andrè Braathen ‒ Drums
Patrick Fallang ‒ Guitars

Music and lyrics: Per Fredrik "PelleK" Asly


