[Music: Gelal / Lyrics: The Black Lourde of Crucifixion, Gelal]

Forth from deadly Apocalypse...
Rips the crier
Galloping fast on a steed that reeks rabid of blood.

Forth from daemon throne
Blowing funeral wind throughout the worlds of time
Blasting morbid exequies!

Forth from all that is unholy
Whistling the reap of Satanic fury
Purest Ambassador of Armageddon!

At the blessed grotto
The Holocaust Trumpeter appeals our power!

Pestilent nightmare visitation
Envenom the Christ Child's crib
Passionate plague, a profanation
Commanded from beyond to kill!

Ghastly seduction through famine
Rape the nuns at the scalding convent.
Set to flame a blaze of war
And conquer the cowardice of God!

At the blessed grotto
The Holocaust Trumpeter appeals our power!

Immersed in a cloud of smoke
Rising from a pile of burning bibles
Words of a holy fable turn rapidly into debris!

The refuge of the spineless
Adorned with diseased art
Burned and free of the Christian chains!

Cast down thy tender look
Upon the flock of God
Touch the cicatrix of the piercing blade!

At the blessed grotto
The Holocaust Trumpeter appeals our power!

Religious malady cured
Which once forced me to kneel
At the blessed grotto the sheep
begin to shriek.

At the blessed grotto
The Holocaust Trumpeter appeals our power!

MOCKING THE PHILANTHROPIST is dedicated to the true underground
Logo by Steven O'Malley
'Sumerian Fairytales' and 'Shemhamforash' based on ideas created by the Hordes
'The Seventh Enochian Key' (words and translation) by Dr. Anton Szandor La Vey
This album was recorded at Crucifier Studio; Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania, December 24 &amp; 25, 1996 c.e.
Recording engineer: George 'Kill the President' Jacob and Ground Zero Recording
'Cazz Grant, 'The Black Lourde of Crucifixion', appears courtesy of crucifier and the Crucifier Brotherhood

Gelal Necrosodomy - Guitar
The Black Lourde of Crucifixion - Drums / Vocals
Lilith - Keyboards
Der Sturmer - Bass

All guitar &amp; bass on this recording is played by Gelal

1997 © WOOD-NYMPH

Thanks to Yevhen theAmok for these lyrics.


