[3:56]

The wolves bark with wind in summertime. 
As the moon passes the shadows. It was a grim tale. 
The wolves pry the limbs from the conquered ones.

Carnage consumes the emptiness. 
Wait till my spirits come forth. 
Violate all his chosen ones. 
Drink the fires of death. 

Carrying the deaths of his fallen warriors 
deep inside of him, in his eyes. 
Walk upon this Earth tonight, 
carrying the staff of cold souls. 

Appear the sign of evil will. 

They appear, Death and Destruction, 
to a time (when) the angel cries. 
Open your eyes again now, he is here. 
He is the master of fear. 

He is the wind, He is the storm. 
He is the woods, He is the roots. 
Nobody will escape the wrath of the Tyrant. 
Forever the Beast shall wander the Earth.

Emperor - Emperor/Wrath of the Tyrant 
1998, Candlelight Records 
Remastered reissue on one CD, 
containing the "Emperor" EP 
and the "Wrath of the Tyrant" demo. 

Total playing time: 50:48. 
Emperor (tracks 1-4): 20:02. 
Wrath of the Tyrant (tracks 5-13): 30:46. 

EMPEROR:
"Emperor" line-up: 
Ihsahn - vocals, lead guitar, keyboards. 
Samoth - guitar. 
Mortiis - bass. 
Faust - drums. 

"Wrath of the Tyrant" line-up: 
Samoth - drums. 
Ihsahn - guitars and vocals. 
Mortiis - bass. 

"Emperor" was recorded under December 1992 at Studio S. 
"Wrath of the Tyrant" was recorded on a 4-track home studio in May 1992. 
Produced by Emperor. 

Remastered at Strype Audio by Tom Kvalsvoll and Samoth. 
However, the "Emperor" recording has been kept very close to its original sound. 
"Wrath of the Tyrant" has by nature a very "necro" sound, and nothing was done to hide that. 

All music by Ihsahn and Samoth, 1991-92. 
All lyrics by Mortiis, 1991-92. 

"Death" and "Leviathan" illustrations by Gustave Doré. 
Layout by Samoth and Adrian Wear. 

"He is the wind, He is the storm. 
He is the woods, He is the roots. 
Nobody will escape the Wrath of the Tyrant. 
Forever the Beast shall wander the Earth." 
- Mortiis, anno 1991

www.emperorhorde.com

Lyrics to the songs from "Wrath of the Tyrant" deciphered by Spectrum (spectrumdt@gmail.com).


