Someone sells us Toys™ in a cheap cartoon
Someone sells us Cars™ in the latest Bond™ that's coming soon
Someone sells us Trends™ through a sitcom star
Someone sells Herself™ in a docu-soap that goes too far

Life™ on sale!

"Could someone please just tell me what happened?
I mean, first we pay for fast-food that will make us all fat and tired.
So then we pay for elevators, so we won't have to climb the three stairs up to our apartments.
Then we buy freaking stairmaster™ machines
So we can burn away while watching someone make real food on TV.
Now, if that doesn't make us winners I don't know what will.
I bet we would hang ourselves if the world would just cut the slack.
And now you think maybe you should see a shrink,
Help you feel alive again - yeah, that's a plan!
Just tell us who to pay.

Someone sells us Man™ in a White House™ speech
Then Woman™ tightly pressed between two bouncing breasts, on a Baywatch™ beach
Someone sells us Us™ everywhere I turn
Then introducing Them™ to earn stock-points on our concern

All for sale, all for sale

Welcome down to planet Earth™
Please don't ask us what it's worth
You will notice that the world you found
Is slightly tattered and worn down

Someone sold us every stain
Now if you wish to complain
There's an open spot at 6 PM
It's when Caucasia is listening

If you're tearing down my world
Please just try to do it gently
There is love inside
For a dream that has to die

"See, it's really all about time and choice.
The fast food saves us enough time to squeeze lunch in exactly when we want it.
The elevators save us just a little more, the StairMaster™ lets us choose exactly when to walk the stairs.
Time is so important these days, it's becoming a fucking disease, and I guess in a way it is since it's bound to kill us all in the end.
Now with all the time and money we stash away on others' expense,
I can only assume that the tickets to hell are really expensive.
For some reason, it's important to be first in line."

Someone sells us God™ in 2-for-1 with Shame™
Someone sells us War™ and the marketing looks just the same
Someone sells us Fear™ on TV each day
a shape for every taste; if the flavour's right, we gladly pay

All on sale,
We're all on sale,

Welcome to the only Earth™
Please enjoy your only birth
You will learn to take more than you give
Buying scars you must live with
Someone sold us every scar
They somehow made us what we are
We all want that spot at 6 PM
But no one is really listening

No - not anymore
We're all too busy buying Sex™, buying War™
Buying Self-confidence™, Security™, Insurance Plans™
Just buying More &amp; More™

As you're tearing down our world
Please just try to do it gently

There's still love inside
For the dream that has to die

As you're tearing down our world

