Mad Cow disease, diabetes, heart attack, cancer
Jack in the box, covered in raw putrid meat
Jack's in your ass squirting blood on the toilet seat
At this value price it's worth the risk your kids may die
Who needs a toy when you got e.coli surprise

Decorated with death from your feet to your head
Your stomach bloated from the meat of the infected
You only eat what's safe and inspected
But the stamp on the package, it don't mean shit
Another outbreak occurs, a few more dead
Isn't it funny how things come around in the end?
The USDA doesn't give a fuck about you or me
They only care about the constant blood flow of money
Pushed aside by politicians and the industry
Get whatever they need in Washington lobbying
It's not about the health and welfare of all living things
It's strictly money, power, torture, and exploiting poverty

They know people are stupid
That's how they have been trained
They will eat themselves to death
Much like an animal's way

Mira, el jefe!

Hurry up and get those cows killed we need more money
I don't know boss, this one kind of walks funny
Who gives a shit, hack the bitch, mix it with fresher beef
Hope to god it's not the 1% the inspector sees
Grind up the maggots, the bones, the hair and manure
Throw in some stomach bile for a little added flavor
Nutritious goodness for the school lunch cafeteria
Burn the shit out of it to kill off the bacteria

En coli (ketchup and fecal spill)
Served with fries (a hefty medical bill)
The e. coli surprise (be sure what you consume)
The delicious way to die (moo moo, moo fuck you!)

Don't fret little green spoiled meat
With a little red dye you will do just fine

Decorated with death from your feet to your head
Your stomach bloated from the meat of the infected
You only eat what's safe and inspected
But the stamp on the package, it don't mean shit
None are sacred here, no disability
She will be dragged to her feet, she will spread her disease
Served to the selfish pricks who never give a shit
Until it's on their plate and they are feeling sick
Pushed aside by politicians and the industry
Get whatever they need in Washington lobbying
It's not about the health and welfare of all living things
It's strictly money, power, torture, and exploiting poverty

They know people are worthless
Easy to control when they are sick
I'm out of this fucked up system
So you can pucker up and kiss-a my dick

Now you mothers show concern
Your kids are a-puking and their assholes burn
You never cared before that cows are skinned alive
But now the bus is arriving, wave your last goodbye
Teach math and science and feed them like they would a dog
French bread pizza topped with meat dripping piss-shit'sauce
Native Americans, extinction of the dinosaurs
It's naptime now so just pass out on the fucking floor

Hey Kids, come and get it before the insects do!
Don't drink the kool-aid! Don't eat the beef!

E. coli (ketchup and fecal spill)
Served with fries (a hefty medical bill)
The e. coli surprise (be sure what you consume)
The delicious way to die (moo moo, moo fuck you!)
For just 99 cents you can get onion rings instead

