Come on you motherfuckers!I need to get home and beat my wife and kids before church!

Here piggy, piggy get your fat ass on the truck
We know you're hot, crammed, and thirsty but we don't give a fuck 
We got this bright, shiny prod that we can shove up your ass
And if you don't want to move we'll beat you 'til you collapse
We'll throw you in a pile outside, half alive
Where you'll lay for days and rot away and slowly fucking die
An intelligent and friendly species but tastes good unfortunately
No one cares which way you die, people love to close their eyes

Here piggy, piggy, now it's time for your death
Drag you by your fucking snout then shoot a bolt through your head
You better pray to god we kill you on the very first try
Or else you're gonna go through the whole process alive
We will never respect the sacrifice that you made
You're just a soulless animal
You don't feel any pain

Can't wait for God anymore
Can't wait for some kind of Jesus
Can't keep living with our fucking fingers crossed
Can't wait 'til everything is dead and gone

Hurry up and die we got thousands more behind you
Need a sausage biscuit in three minutes at McDonalds' drive-thru
Weinerschnitzel, wet my whistle, turn that hog into a dog!
Pupperoni, Beggin' Strips, born again through doggy shit

It's a fast food nation full of slow thinking minds
Where demonic corporations get away with brutal crimes

There's no such thing as too much money in this fucking country

Anything to save a dime, anything will keep us occupied
Born at the mercy of the rich, they march to their death in a line
We're not so different after all, we just pretend all the time

Piggy, are you ok?
Piggy, are you ok, are you ok, piggy?
Piggy, are you ok?
You've been hit by a cruel criminal
Three months of news coverage
Three months of news coverage, a man they hated
Three months of news coverage
But nothing about the meat industry
It's bad, it's a thriller, it's dangerous 
It's sad, it's a squealer, it's hideous
Take that piggy and spin him around
Smash him headfirst into the ground
In the bible belt give the devil a nod 
Mutilations in the name of God
For the holy men on Satan's factory farm
Judgment's coming in it's purest form
Come join the preaching Jesus, deep south, apple mouth, hog hoedown
I'm coming to fucking kill you, Jeffrey Dahmer motherfuckers!

During your short life here, you'll meet the best we have
Ex-convicts and immigrants inside a corporate plan
Violent offenders that will do things to you
That nobody sane would ever dream to do 
But don't think they won't eat you, cuz oh yes they will 
They don't care about details, they just don't want to kill 
The Humane Slaughter Act shouldn't scare you one bit
You see things look good on paper but we don't have time for that shit
Pump you up with hormones, make you as fat as a republican 
Bash apart your fucking brains by God fearing Christians
Cut your balls, cut your tail, without the use of medicine
Lock you up inside a cage, some will cry but real men grin
We will always have more important human issues than you
Like a peanut sized fucking fetus 
That doesn't even know what the fuck it is yet

I'm gonna fucking stab you in your face
Or maybe I should take it down to your civilized manner and dump you into a scalding tank
And watch your eyes pop out, you sick twisted fucks!

Bible Thumpers!
Dumb Fuckers!
Bible Thumpers!
Die Motherfuckers!

Join us next week for the divine depiction of Kosher
It's very scary!Fuckers!

