Cutting pieces of her off, stick them in her gut, shove it up her cunt,
Slicing through her face, I cum. fuck her up the ass, fuck her up the ass,
Break her.

Until another foolish victim stumbles into my kill path I will have to make do with what I've left of you.

Raping the messy corpse in the basement I create my own world where I become the god of the very existence.

I am Human
I am God

I will not stop until I am destroyed
Consequence means nothing now to me,
Where the dead ones lie I can be seen,
Taking skin with me as a trophy,

I become the (world)one existence, masquerading in dead flesh
I become the one existence, Bow to the flesh devourer,

I will eat what is left of her,
I will devour what remains now,
Devoured parts of entrails, left some,
Trophies are the skull, the skin, the limbs, the body. 

Flesh peeled back into a star shaped vessel, 
Showering the ground with thick dead blood,
Chaos depends on this,
The flesh reflects the madness,

The black blood stained onto the floor,
Bow to the flesh devourer,
For the chaos depends on this,
The soul reflects the lunacy,

I become the world,
And the one existence,
When masquerading in your dead flesh,

Slicing off the limbs with the sharpest Incisors that I can find.

The flesh will face the steel,
Hacksaw is here to make corpses of people, the scourge of existence, craving the destruction of every man.

The blades will tear the face,
Horrific scarring erases all traces of former existence, humanity shredded to pieces, prepared for the feast.

I am human, I am demon, I am god, I am machine.

The flesh peeled back into a star shaped vessel,
Showering the ground with thick, black, dead blood.

Create monsterous madness,
Creation was lost upon us,

Slicing off the limbs with the sharpest incisor I can find.

Gore and blood and viscera and bodies all around the room,
The carcass lay upon a table, scalpels sticking out the eyes,

Origin of true compulsion will stay unknown,
I'll create art from the carcass, and stay unknown,

Souls, destroyed and tortured,
Souls, entranced, tormented, devoured.

