Roots go down way deeper than the eye can see
Sometimes I get confused when I think about the bottom of the trees.
Life begins, or does it end?
It all depends on your perception.
Changed, but the same thing
Revitalized
It’s the universal vile putrid circulation

Soon there will be nothing left, you will see
What will be
Through my dreams
We’re dead.
Some other being breaths life from our last breath.
Piece by piece, I find peace when wind blows the leaves
It takes away my grief and I cannot believe what I have learned about life just from looking up at the sky.
Repeats over and over we climb higher, but now up is down
The sky is ground and I love the way the clouds feel.
Always love the way the clouds feel.
We climber higher on my heels

If you sailed the seven seas
And saw everything to see
How open your mind would be,
But you don’t believe.
Like the ground underneath the trees
And all its complexity
You would fall to your knees
When you see what lies beneath.

Even if I show you the truth you will not be enlightened
You shut your eyes ‘cause you would rather be blind
To the other point of view, so rot.
Face the facts your god has inevitably collapsed.
Forsake my speaking.
I’m condemned by only being sorry for believing what you said to me through baptized youth.
Forgive me
I wish you were in my head
You count the stars before you go to bed
Revitalized.
My soul is tied to my mind
Cloak myself, away a world inside
(Through dark times light protrudes through faith and perspective.
The principle of conscious life.)

Drain the life out of the world.
If you sailed the seven seas
And saw everything to see
How open your mind would be,
But you don’t believe.
Like the ground underneath the trees
And all its complexity
You would fall to your knees
When you see what lies beneath.

Beating hearts have power that will become towers
Of our evolutionary progress.
God will be wiped clean, and the war can now finally stop.
A day when you can walk through the streets of the middle east and not worry about getting shot.
Evening shade turns into daylight.
Man ushers in another era of existence
We bid farewell to our past that we walk unwavered from.

