[Mayhem cover]

Demonic laughter your cremation
Your lungs gasp for air but are filled with blood
A sudden crack as I crushed your skull

The remind of your life flashes by
A life that soon won't be
Smiling with axe in my hand
Evil's rotten hand you'll see

I come forward
Deathcrush

I'll send you to your maker
I'll send you to your death
Death nicely crucified
Death, heads on stakes

The barbeque has just begun
Deathcrush - Deathcrush - Deathcrush

Crush - Crush
Deathcrush
Deathcrush
Deathcrush

Produced by Thomasz Krajewski. Engineered by Kris.
This album was created with the full moon in night of December frost 1993 at
Studio "8"

Official demo tape, Recorded in December 1993, Released by PAGAN REC. on a
cassette, licensed to NAZGUL'S EYRIE (Ger.) for a CD version (European
edition), and to WILD RAGS for a CD version (U.S. edition).

Line-up: NERGAL - guitars, voices from hell
BAAL RAVENLOCK - drums and percussion
FROST-guitars

Nergal's comment

"The demo tape which lead us to a professional record deal and I must admit it
was something we worked really hard to achieve. I think it differed a lot from
what we can observe thesedays...back in 1993/94 there were not that many black
metal bands nor albums available and yet it was quite difficult to get a
record deal. We succeeded because we did our best all the time, we spent a few
years on learning how to play on our instruments and recorded a couple of demo
tapes...it gained us a positive and sometimes enthusiastic response which
caused that some labels offered us a professional deal. I even remember there
were some more established companies (like Avantgarde or Adipocare) rivalling
for us. It was truly motivating us to work harder and to believe in our
dreams...which finally came true. But in result we chose a polish label 'coz
it was much easier for us at that time to cooperate with countryfellows, to
have a closer contact, small distance etc. And we don't regret this move as it
helped us a lot. Hm, from what I've heard this demo sold really well...and
saying really I don't mean one or two thousands, no, only PAGAN REC. has sold
four thousands of a cassette version. We should add to this an American and
European licence which both sold about three or four thousands, and this gives
us 7-8 thousands of sold items...And noticing the fact that VADER's demo
"Morbid reich" was the best selling demo ever released (15 thousands) we can
be proud of our result, can't we?"


