[January '95 / Music: Necromass / Lyrics: C. Blasphemy]

I deny life, I don't humble myself... illuded...
I inverted cycle: un concrete, contorted, damned shell of flesh,
"god"'s journey through existence was scornful...
He's trying to understand... his blood was every where.

Bloodstorm collides,
end of all serfdom,
dawn of non-ethereal night.

Bloodstorm collides with my soul
with my mind
collides with my life
tempest of "god"'s blood real

BLOODSTORM BLAST!

Wrapped in sadness, day by day, I can't die, my mind is too strong,
Wrapped in horror, day by day, no peace, my will is too strong,
Wrapped in blood, day by day, again... I'm higher than "god"!
I realized, I created a force, by myself, through contempt,
towards this life, straight to the end, sub-human lies... I will never
be human again... and again, and again, infamy again,
and again, and again, this planet of no return
Remember the dream, this "god" was creating delirium...
collapsing ground, thy world feeds on, the world of illusions,
it's death is near!!

Soul, don't enter you too this illusion...
don't join the dance, of this lurid decadence...
under a sun... that is cold like a tomb.

Soul, open your eyes and see through the real past,
because "god"'s blood was everywhere...

Why? a deep voice is calling my mind... the voice of the earth,
no light, darkness surrounding...
a chant... intoned by new sky...

Why? does somebody want to destroy my life?
shit all around me! no light... darkness surrounds me AGAIN!

A squirt... deep wound to planet earth, my eyes see that,
now it's alone forever, righteously... strange infinity,
of eternal torment.

end of all life and inversion of vital cycle and time,
end of all life and inversion of vital powers and time,
end of all life and inversion of vital cycle and time.

listen to the voice that is calling again new life,
listen to the voice that is calling again the night,
listen to the voice that is calling again twilight,
listen to the voice that is calling again despise.

Listen...
Bloodstorm collides...

