Welcome to, your new home so many friends, you're no longer alone
Unwanted, forgotten, that's what we are misfits and rejects all labelled as one
Left estranged, made deranged
Locked out of site in the hope we will change
Who has the right to decide?
Whether or not, my head it's all right
Insane! Outrage! They keep us medicated so we don't get agitated

Lives for sale, a padded cell no one escapes in a living hell
No one leaves, we're tied up in sleeves left in the hallway of silent screams
Feeling Good? that's too bad!
The test results say, that you're still mad
All things done, with precision and poise
The wheel keeps on turning the machine marches on
Insane! Outrage! They keep us medicated so we don't get agitated

Over and over, it happens again we get locked up, by family and friends
Keeping us all, away from themselves locked up in chains and white padded cells
Back then I knew, what they said was untrue
It ain't a vacation and it ain't fun too
Unjustly, though, they throw away the key
Sent to the asylum and left to be
Out of sight, sleepless nights
People fucked up, stripped of their rights
Endless haze, whitewash maze
More pills for me to help pass the days
Disturbed dreams, distant screams
Living nightmare, death a relief
This days my last, too much time has passed
But now it's the time, for us to attack
Insane! Outrage! They keep us medicated so we don't get agitated

Over and over, it happens again we get locked up, by family and friends
Keeping us all, away from themselves locked up in chains and white padded cells
Back then I knew, what they said was untrue
It ain't a vacation and it ain't fun too
Unjustly, though, they throw away the key
Sent to the asylum and left to be
JAILBREAK! Madmen run amok
Psycho killers on the loose, ready to maim and stalk
TERRORIZE! tearing up your town
Creeping in your house, without a single sound
Fight for survival, escape from ward eighteen
No more prison, we're finally free all we want is a place to be real
No more injustice, shackles to keep all we want is peace

PARANOID! Frenzy kill machine
Random acts of violence, like you have never seen
ANGRY AS FUCK! No more we're the weak
How does it feel? Now you're the freak!
Fight for survival, escape from ward eighteen
No more prison, we're finally free all we want is a place to be real
No more injustice, shackles to keep all we want is peace!
No more! Special treatment no more! Shock therapy
No more! Pills to keep sane no more! Asylum

