Sworn I would not return here
Now that has proved untrue
I don't know why?
I hold this deep inside me and I'll let no one through
Defy me...deny me...I need you to end this
I look to myself to see and the years have grown so long
Am I weak and now I feel pulverized
Consequences I reap by myself
Those of you who don't know what I see..endless fight for my beliefs
I am alone here
Here's the place where I take my stand
I'll not be held down again
Broken no longer with no regrets, I am my own
Once you would watch me cry but never would you intervene
Now it's my turn to be free from all this pain
You cannot pretend to like what I am
You cannot change the past...do not even care
You won't ever take me, You cannot see, break me
And if you are ever lost...in our emotion
I look to myself to see and the years have grown so long.
Am I weak and am I alone
I lost myself
You didn't want to help me through this pain
Now I am lost inside
Try to crush m soul and now I feel pulverized
Consequences I reap by myself
Those of you who don't know what I see...endless fight for my beliefs
I am alone here
Here's the place where I take my stand
I'll not be held down agin
Broken no longer with no regrets
I am my own
Once you would watch me cry but never would you intervene
Now it's my turn to be free from all the pain
You cannot pretend to like what I am
You cannot chang the past...do not even care
You won;t ever take me, You cannot see, break me
And if you are ever lost..in our emotion
I now see what what I am
Can it be life sustained?
My reality.. my life clear of repression
I can't believe what is taken from my eyes.. my eyes..but my blood knows
My life, what I was born of
To suffer agonizing way..to live it heart full of fear
The pain, wake me for the day...I die
Look into you, bring me the answers to my life
Now I can see what has begun
Nothing's forever, our life is done
I've taken with me all that you have given
Nothing if for you
Wander on my reality... my life clear of repression
I can't believe taken from my eyes... my eyes.. but my blood knows
My life what I was born of 
To suffer agonizing way.. to live it heart full of fear
The pain, wake me for the day...I die.

