Night, that fatal raven alighted on the cusp of my bewitchment.
The beast in the clouds had swallowed the moon, a silverback thundering across the cosmos
In silence now stars followed her tune, winking from existence on the brink of chaos
I penned an open sonnet to the pearly gates ablaze, as I gazed upon this angel intoxicating everything!

The ball became her court, her presence there electrifying.
Candelabra fought, to tear themselves away
She was a flame, divine.
My pathic call of duty, irrefutable,
Her eyes, they paralyzed me, froze the flow of time,
a glimpse so achingly beautiful!
Fleeing from the manor, in the manner of this crime
We sheltered from the pelting, helter-skelter of the skies, in the Greek gazebo, speaking tragedian rhyme
Death would settle for one petal at a time.
He would pluck the fucker!

Lo, this malleus eve, is heaving to the pulse of souls, she was the game, sublime.
A Knight takes Queen in ruby indisputable.
Then, Her eyes, they paralyzed me for a second time.
A glimpse so achingly beautiful!

Drinking in her flora, this Aurora to the storm,
I was burning in the furnace of a love that went to war,
with ravenous desire, fires lit the heavens for,
caressing in the rainfall, a less painful metaphor
for this hunger.

On marbled tombs, breathless, cocooned, a long red dress shrouds, like Ophelia, this Goddess.
Mourning, then crawls,
Black velvet palled, to pass fervent lips, betwixt her deliciousness.
Miserere Mei Diva.
Forgive me forever my bride,
but a gift was delivered,
however perverse, on that night you exquisitely died!
Seraphina rise, Arcane perfection, her legend was etched.
To queen, demon revived.
A fell resurrection, unparalleled in this world or next.
Awaken, forsaken, by others soon taken as prey.
Now you shall stand in the grandeur of love,
a wonderland and in which to play.

The beast in the clouds spat back to moon,
and arrayed in a crown of glittering cobwebs,
she slid to her feet like a prophet of doom,
born to immortal darkness, as mortality slipped away.

She was a flame, divine.
My gnathic call of duty, irrefutable.
Her eyes imparadised me with their wicked shine,
A glimpse so achingly beautiful.

Now she stirs the night just like the perfect Lorelei,
as she spurs the dark horse foaming in my soul.
Death is fleet, sweet, oft discreet,
the beast in the beauty's mask.
Her skies, bediademed, complete, now freed of days grown overcast

