[- To Quest - 1:3]

I stumble over hills of time to flee.. 
The vortex of death thrust upon me!
Through nightly forests of death running.. 
The flaming spirals of Cthulhu!
Rays of blinding darkness threaten to disperse my soul 
Century of burning incense hath brought the maelstrom..
The black earth once white of life.. 
Those dark angels of the stars!
Tho i do flee the vortex upon me i did hear the winged cry.. Hearken!
I did fall upon the black earth and those flaming spirals did pass my soul
Liege of Cthulhu has turned away and i did smell the incense as i was free
And i did turn pale with fear as the darkness did lift itself from my body 
Flee i did once more to realms of light wherein chaos has not found itself
As passed upon the gate.. 
I did spread thy wings..
Who would hear my pleas..
As the sky did fall black..

[- Banishing of the Alal - 2:12]

Begone oh kings of darkness from this world lest i conjure lords of the sun against 
thine power. Open from the gate thee lord of the sun who is known by thee name as 
Shammash of the sun.. The veils of maelstrom have cloaked my soul
Lords of fire, i call to thee
Fire raging, the sun is burning bright
Power of light flows in me!
Let it be told that i did stand against
And those who raised upon did fall
With blinding rays of light i lashed
So shall it be told as written upon the sky

[- Of Magick and Demons - 3:18]

I lept through the gate with rage upon my eyes
Stand i will against the armies of darkness
I did stumble out into the darkened earth with flames of light upon my wrists
As i did leap through the sky and descend upon the dark waters of Cthulu
Across the water i walked and did not sink in the name of light let it be known
A beast did ascend from the skies upon me and i did howl with fiery light crests
Arming myself with shields of light the beast did howl upon lord of darkening skies
The sky did turn black as the powers of Xul spread across this earthen plane of light
The name of the beast would be unknown and unspoken for fear of incantations
Seas did swell and darken with the beast to send me to the ocean of dark dreams
I did rise from the ocean and call to the sky in the name of light
Barra Xul Malda o' lord of darkness i call fourth his name in purity 
These black dimensions called domaination and manifestation
Manifest the names of Xul in forms of power and flame of Hades
Coalesce these names of hatred tho the beast did become 9 of death
They did surround my presence and look upon me with ashen eyes
Spoke through my mind the beasts did call all to one and i did fall
Into the dark seas of darkened earth..
As i did fall the lightness of my soul did call unto my body to rise once more...
As i did rise from the seas!
Into the sky i lept as rays of light flew from my body blinding eyes of death... 
So i did strike fourth in light!
Death befall the sorcery of those who may not be spoken the form of truth... 
As i did asail the dark skies!
Hear me o' lords of power i do call fourth from the sky powers of true light... 
The sky did open with light!

[- The Darkening Seas - 4:23]

The beasts rose in form of one tho i did raise shields of light...
Swords of darkness did impale my soul as i did cry out in pain
Destructive storms, winds of heralding bane cast me out
The circle of Cthah was formed in a name, shape and number
Veils of darkness did cloak my soul
Winds of fire did appear before
Ia Zi Annga Kanpa Maskim Xul
Ashen eyes did stare upon the earth
The skies did turn black yet once more
Into the dark waters we did fall as i did hear the name of the beast being that whom is Cthulhu...
As did i look upon the seas and called out in names of Xul.. Hearken lords of light.

