[- The Markings of Destiny - 4:90]

The cry of war.
Hearken elders.. The time has come
Our destiny.. Is at hand
May dead rise.. Smell the incense
Stoop not down.. Yet rise above
Unto the abyss.. Unbidden hatred
Faithless depths.. Names of lore
Ashen graves.. Ancient in forms
Mist of life.. Beckon my wishes
I, the last of the elder force beckon once more
Waken so that we may reap our crimson vengance
Cthuhlu lies in wait upon thrones of blood and lies
Dead and dreaming no more fathers i do conjure

[- Masses of Destruction - 7:98]

As the earth shook.. Upheaving the lands
Infernal fire risen.. &gt;From eternal graves
Skies did open.. Winged fates flew fourth
Uncreation of death.. Storms of fire
Open the gate.. Pass the realm
Ia ia dag! Ia kanpa gat!
Crown of realms.. Ashen graves
Mist of life.. Beckoned my wishes
All was silent..

[- Upon the Throne of Iniquity - 5:73]

Hearken! for our generation did come fourth upon this realm once more from our 
eternal resting places to reclaim the land we hold so true from those ancient 
fathers of iniquity, death, and lies.. Absu did stir with an evil rage upon hearing 
of the invocation of the elder ones once more and he did summon Tiamat whom
inturn brought fourth Cthulhu whom upon hearing of this resurrection did strike 
out with rage upon the body of Kingu and did render him headless as a corpse..
The dark waters did cease and sudside as the mighty Marduk rose once more 
crying out in vengance upon the Ancient one Tiamat whom had slain his son in 
the last great battle when dark waters did rise. Tiamat, sensing a presence and 
lept in fear between the spaces where worlds collide for fear that Marduk would soon 
be near. Cthulhu stirred upon his throne and did summon the guardian of the gate Iak 
Sakkak. And his demon horde stood forth before the gate of realms in wait of the Elder
ones. Through fires of unlife the elder ones gathered with sword and shield
Their war was one of time and peril for the right of the black earth
Men would recall this battle in written texts for centuries of darkness
Tiamat waits in wings of fear upon sensing the elder presence was near
Storm the gates to War..

[- The Signifigance of War - 0:09]

Over deserts, through eternal oceans they journey
Above the sky, past fragments of time they leap
Walking upon the ravaged lands between the lands
Wanderers of the night are thee of Elder creation
Upon the gates they arrived and all was silent
Storms of.. Fire.. I call you fourth
Hear me.. Ancients.. I beckon you
Your time.. is near.. Hearken fathers
Open.. the gates.. you shall befall
Tiamat sensing battle lept from spaces between worlds
Upon the back of Marduk she did leap with heart of fire
Marduk did cry out in name unknown to her burning
With enraged emotion he did lash with swords of frost.
Marduk lashed out with swords
Upon the heart of the ancient one
To spill the venom of her blood
With sorcery he did carve a wound
Tiamat did cry out with pain and blood
and lashed with spears of black earth
With the soul of death she cried out
Dead and not dreaming Marduk will lye

[- Songs of Fate - 1:97]

Marduk did fall as death upon a black heaving earth
As Tiamat did cry of victory and all were pale of fear
Whence from the blackened earth the magician rose
With rays of infernal frost magick he pierced her heart
Blood of her blood spilt upon her grave
Lord of Magick spits of a venom gaze
Call whom ye call Tiamat hath been slain
Deadly dreaming upon field of crimson rain
Past the gates the elder gods came fourth unto sands of frozen time
With wings of fire they did rise upon the walls of the ancient castles
In search of the ones whom so called upon a plague of black impeity
Choosen ones who may rid the earth realm of those gods of death
Upon his throne Cthulhu was filled with an evil emotion.. Hearken Absu!
Let us make monsters that they may go fourth and destroy these sons of iniquity!
Upon this enchantment Hubur did rise and make beasts of venomous blood
Monsters of serpents skin and fire of dragons breath, with horns of Shammash
To the gates the beasts did flee to conquer those gods of iniquity.. 
Deadly dreaming.. Fates are singing.. Songs of searing..
Of burning eye i saw an army of the dead rising from walls of flame..
Dead and dreaming.. Fates are singing.. Songs of chaos..

[- Dead and Dreaming - 7:73]

War did consume all of life force
Fields of ravaged crimson chaos
Swords and spears clash
Fire and frost burning
Crimson rain falling
Wars of centuries
War did consume all life force
Fields of ravaged crimson chaos
Watchers.. of all.. Hearken.. i call..
Names of.. 50 names.. i call.. to me..
Fathers.. we rise.. before you.. our cries
Infernal.. magick.. frost fire.. burning
Watchers.. of thee.. Hear me.. i call
Names of.. Marduk.. beckoned.. to me..
Ancient.. fathers.. hear us.. rising..
Infernal.. magick.. dragon fire.. searing 
Of death, gods fell until 3 remained..
I, stand before you Cthulhu with son Enki, Marduk
Hear me so that we may reap a crimson vengance
You have ruled this land upon a throne of blood and lies
Dead and dreaming you shall lye upon that throne once more
The earth shook.. Dark waters stirred
Infernal fire risen.. Marduk lunged fourth
Skies did open.. Cthulhu lashed out 
Uncreation of Death.. Both pale of fear
Opened the gate.. Dark waters surged
Ia ia dag! Marduk fell upon graves!
Crown of realms.. Cthulhu cried war
Mists of death.. Called by 7 names..
Cthulhu did gaze upon me with eyes of death and i could feel my body turn 
pale with fear. My body did levitate above the ground as infernal fire filled 
my eyes i cried names of war.. As i peered upon the corpse of Marduk i did 
lash with serpents upon the body of Cthulhu. Whom did turn his face and 
returned with burning rays of binding darkness upon my body 
and a sword in his possession. All was calm as dark waters stirred.

