[- Across Time and Space - 1:5]

By the veil of light of deception 
I stand fourth beyond all exception 
By the pale worm the king of seas 
Summon plagues of ancient disease 
Upon this realm i have stood for centuries of chaos
Son of the sun, and lord of the spheres of burning
I did walk among the astral planes in veils of death
And it was known to me of all iniquity and betrayal 
For the Elder ones would rise upon their old fathers 
Would not i speak to them of fate of the Elder ones
For it would be their calling and their destiny of ruling
Yet my father would banish me as i did say nothing

[- To Walk with Men - 7:2]

Edin na zu!
Was cast upon me
A banishment!
To walk among men
Hear me Father!
I stand in your shadow
No more!
I call to the gates
Nanna!
Father of the Zonei
Hear my pleas!
I as nephew of yours
Beckon you!
Send gates upon me
That i may!
Be free yet once more
A burning disk did strike before me
Within flames a voice of calling
A test to be sent forth upon me
The zones of an ancient are falling
Choosen one!
Freed again once more
A test of life!
To summon thee Uggae 
An ancient curse!
One whom would rebel
Elder fathers!
To destroy the curse

[- Fathering of Sorcery - 8:51]

In that way you have called upon me father of the sky and spirits of the 
burning disks of light i do praise upon you the blood offerings of man in form 
of sorcery they were well versed and known in ways of cataclysmic whirlwinds of 
force. As you have sent the gates upon me i do ask to be known in ways of these 
tests of my strength and wisdom. To be sent blind as thee who look upon your 
brilliance is unknown in ways of our kind. As i did speak there was a spectre whom 
did become known to me and did speak of teh great elder one Cthulhu whom had slain
thee his elder brother and who did set barriers of entrance upon his realm. I was as 
assasin to slay the great elder one who so has lost his ways.
A veil of light surrounds my soul
Subdue the darkness lest all will fall
Yet free once more..
To the gate i do so cross the realm of all man
I do also flee the realm of men
Before the gates i stand in wait
Open unto me so that i may pass
Unto the realm of the elder ones 
To walk among my kind once more

[- Of Dreams and Visions - 4:76]

As light in spaces between time
So shall i be in spaces between worlds
Gate of the sun open above me
So that i may embrace my kind once more
Memories of fading visions
Visions of sound..
Upon the realm i stand.. Knelt on astral land
Spirits of the fiery disk.. Burning fires of night
Upon my brow was placed.. A crown of calling
Around my neck placed.. The jewels of Ishtar
Around my waist placed.. The sacred belt of Enki
With haste i shall flee..
Mighty of Cutha turn your face in fear 
Lest i strike a fatal blow upon your brow
With wand of lapis i do entrust visions
For the kingdoms of the Ancient ones
Know that Cthulhu may see me of here
Know that mighty Cthulhu may lye in wait
Know that i do possess in me all power
Know that in me i possess...
A power strong and true!

[- Upon the Gates of Ninnghizhidda - 5:9]

Sent upon the gate to realms of the dead and the dying
Wherein no inscence does burn and none are dreaming
All formed of impeity and blood offerings of Ancient ones
Know that all shall be avenged in names of the ancients
Cthulhu screamed upon his throne whence he sensed a presence
All of life were pale with fear and hate as dark waters trembled
And Azag-Thoth was awaken from sleep as dark waters boiled
The gates of seven did close and monsters were shaped as guardians
And they were as demons of the abyss and as faceless and terrible
Clung to the gates of seven they do stand guard against those of life
Hearken and beware for they are terrible sights to view and behold
As the horned serpent Ninnghizhidda stands before the gate of seven
Across countless seas i stumble and through many deserts i crawl
Whence before i reach the realm of Cthulhu i may perish yet in haste
Yet i do summon the powers of the water of life and go forth once more
And upon the sky i did see the many eyes of Cthulhu and i did turn pale of fear
Watcher of all worlds
Before my time is done
I plead of you
Ressurection!

[- Whirlwind of Spirits - 0:07]

To the first gate i pass and with rays of life i subdue the monsterous force
Upon the Second gate i cross and with disks of calling i unlock the forces
Holding the wand of lapis i pass upon the gate of three and render it open
No evil spirit may seize me of here!
Through gates of many i stumble 
Unto the gate of seven with sorcery..
Ninnghizhidda may stand before me
With a baneful howl he rises forth..
With crown of calling i take to skies
With disks of fire i project upon him..
Of no effect are my powers upon him
As with rays of shadows he howls..
By the veil of light of darkness 
I stand forth upon thrones of death 
Upon the gate of pale worm of seas
Wrought with plagues of ancient disease
Hear my words as i swear to you 
The sword of iniquity slices through 
Upon the altars of unlife a fatal sweep 
Such has been the fate of all whom stand upon seas
Raising swords upon the throne of mighty Cthulhu
And this has been my story to tell as i have been asked
For once more a god has fallen to a lord of disease
As i am the one whom knows all that as he sees
Watcher of all and keeper of the keys to the gates 
Such was the fate of this son of an ancient father 
Shall be the fate of all who rise before dark waters 
Stoop not down unto those dark waters less ye perish 
For within lies a deep unyielding ever espousing abyss 
Hiding creatures of malevolence and those evil spirits
Lest ye summon all who would lay waste to your realm
This is how it has been written and it has been learned
Hearken and remember sons of men and race of spirits!
From dark waters a howl comes fourth in black night

