[0: Consul overture]

[Prelude in C Sharp Minor Opus 3 Nr 2 (Sergei Rachmaninov)]

[1: Hyperion Hymn]

Rise for Eternity / Hyperion - Time and mystery
Searching for Empathy / Quest is on - All is one / Frail Humanity

[2: A Handful of Pilgrims]

I live in pain by the cross: two souls are living in my corpse
Seeking god and answers
I, the mythic warrior - Looking for my love and kill her
Seeking piece of mind

Greatest poet of all time, writing history
Where is my muse, my Nemesis, my everything?
Lost in a sea of grass, heading for our fate.
Through the desert through the ice, we're fighting with love and hate

Wandering Jew bringing back my child on this hellish planet
Her birth and her death collide
Pregnant from a cybrid: who are they, where are the assassins?
My love's always by her side

Remember Siri and endless oceans. Back on Hyperion following my roots
Friendship and treachery: our forced union has to be
Few of us will see the end, history course has to be bent

[3: Lord of Pain]

You see it Now you don't: It's here and there and everywhere
Playing with void which binds, metal thorns torturing victims
Both of them with the infamous tree of pain are crawling through time

The beast is here to answer a vow, here to protect a dying child. Ultimate killer, ultimate saviour

No fear No hate Playing its role with pain: born from the greatest warrior's DNA
Eviscerate Desecrate Annihilate Lacerate Mutilate Amputate Decapitate Dislocate Disintegrate

Machine created by machines
Here to trap the divine empathy
Ultimate saviour
Ultimate killer

[4: A.I.s, Technocore and the Ousters]

Big error back in 38: Blackhole changing men's fate.
John Keats back to life again: more machine or more human?
Puppet of the technocore, the missing link he holds.
Enea's father and friend; he will lead AIs to their end

Waiting - watching / roaming - hidden in virtual spider's web
Hounding like ticks - sucking the soul out of billions of brains
Evolve / Revolve - Trying to Resolve the Human and divine equation
Eating - Cheating and Lying - Born from the 80 bytes parasites
We stole the earth we need it. Experiment is required. We fear what we don't understand.
And we don't understand you, the human race. Neither Hyperion. Logic has to be the rule.

Far, hidden in the deep and darkened space
They live in peace, far from the AIs, far from the human race
So strange and beautiful, they live, guided by their own rules
Fleeing form insanity, claiming their humanity.
Comets and swarms - respecting all life forms
O, strange Hyperion: races divided - men, machines and the ousters
Death in the labyrinth - Hyperion

[5: Aenea]

Aging Backwards she's the key: warrior and soldier, they were meant to be
Past present and future she can see: she travels with the Shrike, fearless
Fighting and loving through time and space: following the universe's pace

[6: End of the Retz]

Now the damage is done, countdown is on for Gladstone
Machination's been revealed, time for men to be released
Pilgrims are lost on the faraway Hyperion
Braving the time tombs for humanity's sake

False enemies, real friends, the last quest comes to an end.
Promises are sealed in blood and sand
Sacrifice in vain? Face the shrike once again until story comes to its end

Humanity'll be free. High will be the price to pay for their stupidity, for their naivety
The Jew and the poet, Lamia, Kassad and his fate: a gathering for humanity's sake

False enemies, real friends, the last quest comes to an end.
Promises are sealed in blood and sand
The savior will come. From man and machine she'll be born.
The whole universe she has to warn

This is the end of the world as they know it.
Now bombs are falling on God's grove and heaven's Gate
No more fatline, neither farcaster network.
Wayout has to be find on the verge of destruction
No more Technocore, No more useless war
History course has finally been bent

[7: So spoke the Poet]

Billion people dead: survivors spread like stardust in this endless space
Retz has collapsed - Humanity separated: This was the only way
Now it is time for renewal, for joy and hope
Time for creators and poets:

Deep in the shady sadness of a Vale, far sunken from the healthy breath of Morn,

Spreading a shade: the Naiad mid her reeds press'd her cold finger closer to her lips.

Forest on forest hung above his head, like Cloud on Cloud. No stir of air was there,
Not so much life as on a summer's day . Robs not at all the dandelion's fleece

But where the dead leaf fell, there did it rest

Far from the fiery noon, and Eve's one star, sat grey hair'd Saturn quiet as a stone

Still as the silence round about his Lair




