[feat. Luke Griffin &amp; Jason Evans][Duncan:]
Gathering of the Guttural monoliths,
Bludgeoned to death by ghastly vibrations!
Guttural Slams and murderous plans,
Putrid lifestyle! I am what I am.
Gore imagery stimulating visually
True Malignancy this is a part of me!

[Jason:]
Vortex swirling whirling my true, colours unfurling, behaviours, quite concerning I'm burning those that deserve it.
Can't be reasoned with or bargained with I'll take much more than you can give, forgive forget don't give a fuck, you're out of time and out of luck.
I feel it beneath so I'll scratch til I bleed,
Obsessed with the goal and I'm consumed by my greed,
With one hand I'll take everything that I want,
And with the other I'm keeping everything that I need.
Prepare to be destroyed if you step in this ring,
Get on your fucking knees you're in the presence of the Slam Kings.

[Duncan:]
'Down all your beers, Grind your weed into dust.
Show me them hammers! In Slam we trust! (From here on for the Chorus could you please do your Highs over my lows Luke)
We've graced your ear, now you're bound into this revolution!
Bloodshot eyes and open minds!
Welcome to the Slam Crew!
Humanity has nowhere left to hide!
We'll stand the test of time!
Welcome to the Slam Crew

[Luke:]
Welcome to the slam crew motherfucker, we don't give a fuck!
Slamming death metal.
Raise them horns up, smoke a bowl up, bang your heads.
Bring the bree bree
We'll see a sickening slam revolution!
Triple OG slam down, bringing guttural inceptions
Squealing like a piggy, smoking silly.
Transcending space and time.
Interdimensional, slam O G shit!
Oh…. Straight laughs, I'm giggling my ass off…High as fuck.
OUR EYES GLOW RED!
As we raise our middle fingers to the law and beyond.
Will someone pass the fucking bong.
No need to raise the dead when we already walk among them.
Corpses at our command
Crowdkilling demonic incantations!
Chug some beer, get your slam face on and just...
Join this slamming revolution, a gory yet fun conclusion.
An insatiable lust for heaviness!

[Jason:]
Murdering the masses for the sake of our legacy,
Slam is law, behold our immortality.
[Luke:]
Oh shit, will someone call the fucking slambulance!
[Duncan:]
This is Triple OG Slamdown motherfuckers! Psychosadistic Design 2016! Watch my eyes fill with Murderous intent! I'm hell bent!
Crowdkill, Circle Pits, Sweat and Bruises.
This is the Slam revolution!
Carving enemy flesh down to the bone,
If you choose slam you'll never be alone!

[Jason &amp; Duncan:]
We've graced your ear, now you're bound into this revolution!
Bloodshot eyes and open minds!
Welcome to the Slam Crew!
Humanity has nowhere left to hide!
We'll stand the test of time!
Welcome to the Slam Crew

Luke Haarhoff: guitars, bass
Byron Dunwoody: guitars, drum programming
Duncan Bentley: vocals


