When we were young and indifferent, we could not have known
This world will chew you up and spit you out on your own
I know it hurts, it hurts me to just to watch
You sinking, I can't help thinking

What's there something holding you back?
What's the weight of the world on your back?
So long, you're sick of the gravity?

Is there someone telling you no?
Do you wander with nowhere to go?
What are you waiting, oh, what are you waiting for?

I'm reaching out, please take my hand
The water is getting higher and I can't understand
Why I can't pull you in
Do you even care, do you even want me there?

We are the victims, just like our parents taught us to be
Roots planted firmly but we feel so far from the tree
And still we cling to the past with an iron grip
As we all fall fast asleep

Dreaming of security, the chance to redefine
The years we wasted living on borrowed time

My will is spent, I used the very last drop
Trying to keep my head on straight enough
I know it hurts, it hurts to feel it all slip
Right past you, I just want to ask you

Was there something holding you back?
Have you had to cover your tracks
So long, you lost your identity

Is there something dragging you down
Crippled under the weight of the crown
What are you waiting, oh, what are you waiting for?

(What are you waiting for?)

I'm reaching out, please take my hand
The water is getting higher and I can't understand
Why I can't pull you in
Do you even care, do you even want me there?

For all of our differences
I always said I'd be there if you should come undone
It took all I had in me
Do you even care, do you even want me there?

(Do you even want me there?)

There are ghosts in every window and they'll follow you back home
But if you stay a moment, I can tell you all I know
Of how these times have changed us, how they bring us to our knees
How they send us down the crooked path, divide us temporarily

I'm reaching out, please take my hand
The water is getting higher and I can't understand
Why I can't pull you in
Do you even care, do you even want me there?

I swear I'm sorry, I swear I'll do better
I never thought we'd have to carry this weight together
This is contagion, a plague that I bear
And it kills me to say that I really need you here

