I refuse to say that we have made it to the top.
So much more climbing to go but we will never stop.
Breathe in deeply, but just maybe, get up on the chair tighten
up the rope and just fucking jump. That's just fucking up.

For all of our lives we stood here fighting for the things we believe.
While they come and go, try to keep me alive.

Look in my eyes. You see the passion burning?
I never thought in my life I'd see my body on fire.
Up in flames, yea I'm up in flames and love the way it fucking feels

I know it's hard to find someone to hold you all night long
I can't deny you are the one but its tearing me apart.

Teeth on the curb, they smashed my skull in with no care. Oh, they'll never learn.

You're the reason that I never bleed fighting this battle. Believe the strength of your
heart lies with me.

It's not over until we choose to die
It's not over and we'll tell you why
It's not over until we choose to die
It's not over and we'll tell you why
I know it's hard to find someone to hold you all night long
I can't deny you are the one but its tearing me apart.

I'd fight on my own if it was the only way to make it all okay
I'd fall apart. I'd fall apart. I owe my heart

These colors are fading with every breath you take
I'll reach the stars above where you are

You peel my skin back so I feel the pain
and use my bones to wreck the walls in the way.
But I know you'll pick me up above so I can hold on to
stars, and burn my face on the sun.

I've spent these years putting my faith in everyone's filthy hands.
I've been looking around, been looking up high.
You never gave up on me
invested years in others, but they're all the same.
Why cant I, Why can't I seem to find my place in this world
Why was trusting a hero so fucking tragic.
I've spent these years finding my place and it hurts
It's fucking tragic

I know it's hard to find someone to hold you all night long
I can't deny you are the one but it's tearing me apart.
I know it's hard to find someone to hold you all night long
I can't deny you are the one but its tearing me apart.

