Metzger! Farrahakan! Yup we got it going on. Race in the mix
and the melting pot's hot! Well, I don't know where you're at,
but I know where I've always been: Downset at the bottom with
my underclass freedom. The birth of this nation, birth of the
systematic jack, from land grab to whips across black's back.
No progress money means more humanity less, nothing done
changed in this land of soaked bloodshed. Liberty only to an
economic few, patriarchal tradition to economically gaffle you
fool. Racism? Guilty! Thievery? Guilty! Sexisme? Guilty!
Executed traditionally. Living in the shadow of five centuries
misery, homie blind forced in your game choked equality. Why
am I gonna be like that? Why must I pack that vocal gat,
because off the blood of humanity your pockets are getting
fat? This is America the hatefull! I'm gonna be down to live
this protest! I'm gonna be down to die this protest! America
better check itself before it wrecks itself, because differen-
ces seem to be bad for its health. Black! White! Yellow!
Brown! Christian and Muslim! Heterosexual! Homosexual! All
want to get some. Democrat! Republican! They putting that work
in, Aryan nation! 5% nation! Native American wants division.
Man's diversity is American's biggest enemy! Niggas! Woods!
And ese's stifled with apathy. Standing strong like a soldier,
struggling like a soldier, taking bullets of hatred watching
my soul get colder. Circumstances dance on interracial roman-
ce, separatist fist bomb on this love at first chance. America
taught me to hate you! America taught me to hate you! Taking
shot at the external even though I never knew you. Will you
fade and follow doubtless next in the death rate, or love
suffocate beneath this fashion of hate! I was taught to hate
you and you weer taught to hate me! Love sees no color, but
America always will. Humanity means nothing in this place
where we learn to kill. I don't believe in this hatred anymo-
re... Red, White and Blue is gonna kill you! I throw the brick
of my protest through the window of your inhumane corruption,
and watch the fragments of your greed shatter to the frigid
ground...and it's like that! Martin Luther King! Ruben Sale-
zar! Malcolm X! John F. Kenedy! Red, White and Blue is gonna
kill you!

