Requiem and dirge, harken the speech of the dead- oft he dead
Elegy, a call, obey to the masters yell- masters yell
Inhabitants, creatures within the circle- the circle
Funeral hymn, sermon to praise the devil- the devil

Through darkness and hell

Practice the rite, order at black mass- black mass
Elect the one, taunting the inner flame- inner flame
Temple of snakes, inflamed demon gates- demon gates
Bounded by ire, hyper vehement rage- vehement

Through darkness and hell

Requiem and dirge, Elegy a call, Inhabitants, Funeral hymn
Practice the rite, elect the one, temple of snakes, bounded by ire

Master yells!
The circle, the dead, the devil, the flame, the demon, the gate.

There is a non-hume operation, were a powerful and high clergy of the dark, teaches the unhallowed terms of satanism
There is a world beneath, there is a world beyond, as on this earth, there's is a troubled land, where there is pain, there is sorrow, where is are sadness there is agony. Where there is struggle there is defeat. This contempt stink extermination, or between breeds, contamination. The acolytes of the bright light are disbanded. Gone are the angels, gone are their disciples, gone are the heavens, the promise land is no more, behold the impalement of God and the desolation of the human race. The religious world is chained to one sancted god, as the church retains it's power from being prosperous, as he promise, he the light and holiness. The savior of pawns, opposer of Satan the so-called God.
There shall be an ejection of malignant spirits, a furious demand, a crusade of demonical proselytes. It shall be heard, it shall be seen, it shall be done!

We were born on a winters night,
An eclipse so pure and dark
We were raised in a world of deceptions
As obscurity desolates the light
We were charged but we disobey and refuse
As we slowly embraced the other side
A shadow so cold yet beautiful
We commence to walk the left path
A struggle between a God and Satan
As the truth awaits under ground
We gained permission to descend
To the chamber where time stand still
No more need for lies or sorrow
No more pawns chasing the one
Instead he reaches through lust
And songs of fire and death
We fell in love with the darkness
As we sang praising the lord
We arrived at the gates of inferno
We mount the demons of hate
Like followers of the lord we enter
A place full of joy and chaos
We are free to pursue our temptations
As we ride through darkness and hell

Through darkness and hell




