...and as we entered the gate to where all mortal ends,
he just disappeared among the daimons and fiends.

Within the abyss I've felt my power grow,
power of pure evil, power from below.
Strength of the four rivers, I will lead the horde.
Join me and become one with the new lore.

...and as I entered the throne, the black flames lit
the hall.
"Crown him king, bring in the sword." The time has
come to and it all.

Finally I am ready to burn, burn for my neverending sin
you will never learn, this is the way it's always been

Fire will work with me and I will take control.
I'm the mighty, the new infernal lord.
"Hail me with pride and thou shall be spared",
We are the legion from the dusk the pious always feared.
The sky turned to red as I slew the angels among the clouds.
They fell to earth feather-light, encased in bright crimson shrouds.

We gather with the burning torches in our hands,
the fire that will set your christian world on flame.
We will burn your wretched churches where they stand,
not until the christian flag is gone will I achieve my aim.

Worship the ground I once walked.
Obey those words I have said.
This is the place haunted by ma shadow,
Where even angels fear to tread.

How can you deny my existence,
even though you've seen my face.
The battlescars of the ancient north,
mark the damnation of the human race.

Will I ever let the ravens fly again and let them do what has to be done?
Will their black wings ever shadow the earth from the sun?
From every side, from evrey open gate,
they came to smear the blood into my face.
Will I ever let the wolves haunt again and let them do what has to be done?
Will their teeth and claws ever slaughter the priests and nuns?
From every side, from every open gate,
they came to smear the blood into my face.
Will I ever unleash my daimons and let them do what has to be done?
Will their powers and actions ever convince the world I am the one who won?

Within the abyss I've felt my power grow,
power of pure evil, power from below.
With infernal strength I will lead the horde.
Join me in the coming and follow the dark lore.

The sky turned to red as we slew the angels in the clouds.
They fell to earth feather-light, enceased in bright crimson shrouds

I will wield the fire and forever take control.
I'm themighty, the infernal lord. Join me, brandish thy sword.
"Hail me with pride and thou shall be spared"
We are the legion from the dusk the pious always feared.

