silent night, stalker night, horror has come home.
deck the halls with blood, murder underneath the mistletoe,
a deranged and misogynist game, never see his face, no one knows his name,
hidden deep in the attic dark, waxing feral, clinically insane.
first was little claire, he strangled her with care,
she stares, with dead eyes thru her plastic shroud on the rocking chair.
daddy came to town, but he'll never find her here,
she might be dead, but still she rocks in decomposing christmas cheer.
cops couldnt find a clue, so they tapped the phone to hear his madness,.
a pig was parked outside, his throat was cut from ear to ear.
next was ms. mack, that drunk old bitch she got her due,
up the ladder to investigate, caught the hook in her screaming face.
Dear old Barb the lush, he made her look an awful sight,
stabbed her dead in the dark with a gleaming crystal unicorn.
bells of terror ring, making spirits scream in fright,
oh what fun it is to stalk &amp; slash these pretty pink cunts tonight.

You were never alone, BLACK CHRISTMAS,
when you pick up the phone, he's there.
cause he's gonna be home, for christmas
if only in your screams...

The phone rings again, its the cop with bad news,
the calls have been coming from up in the attic.
suddenly panicked, she screams "Barb!" and "Phil!"
He snuffed that curly haired bitch just before.
frenzied, she creeps to the scene of the kill
hearing gibberish she looks to the corner,
only to see a maniacal eye, and crazed with fear,
slams his hand in the doorjamb.

into the basement, she runs like hell,
Billy pursues her, then dissappears,
she sees her boyfriend, he breaks thru the window
suspecting motives, she caves his head in.

The nightmare is over, the cops solved the crime,
they think it was Peter, her psychopath suitor
bagged all the bodies before suppertime
but there's still one stocking that's left to be stuffed.
Dumb fucking pigs never checked in the attic,
they never found out what happened to claire.
She'll never live now to have that abortion
and we'll never find out the reason why, he's dreaming of a black christmas...

