Diving from a wound into another,
as a birth into the next.
In your eyes I saw myself,
I saw an empty, barren place.
I saw pillaged grounds and deserts dead...
My pride and joy, growing
stronger by your resignation.
In your dejection I could find a value shining and truth.
Combining wounds and bleeding as one.
Reaching for nothing - always dying.
See the herd, fed from silver plates.
In their shade of sloth I chose to starve.
Starve with pride, in contempt.
Reaching upwards to pollute the heavens,
striking downwards to crack the earthly face.
Ascending, descending - the movement is constant.
Here are beasts - all unchained!
Erupting, corrupting. Their presence distinct,
for here are wolves - each far from tame!
Their hunger leading you forth,
as one with the night.
I deny the blood they carry and their laws alike.
Decomposing to create a distance -
to cut the strings of our common ground,
to bury my fist in their very soul.
Aiming to damage and harm,
the worse – the greater!
Know this - you are a burden and I am armed.
I’ll burn your world!
Weary eyes behold their own demise,
parasites woven into the world's decree –
a fabric we must burn to be free.
Many are the wounds that prove their hunger.
Drowning dreams in reeking pools
of the blood of every nation
whose flags and uniforms are but memories.
Ascending, descending - the movement is constant.
Here are beasts - all unchained!
Erupting, corrupting. Their presence distinct,
for here are wolves - each far from tame!
See the herd, fed from silver plates.
In their shade of sloth I chose to starve.
Starve with pride, in contempt.
Blood and light as one, pain and passion,
rushing through all directions,
leaving man's creation black as tar.
Can't you see the borders crumble,
as we turn our backs on to the world
without regret nor remorse?
See the equinox in red and burning in brightest fire.
Behold - the very image of the very end
enlaced in dancing flames.
Let there be Death from here on!
Ignite with pride and succumb –
starve for the sake.

