Since you never gave a damn in the first place 
Maybe it's time you had the tables turned 
Cuz in the interest of all involved I got the problem solved 
And the verdict is guilty... 

...Man nearly killed me 
Steppin' where you fear to tread 
Stop, drop and roll - you were dead from the git-go!! 
Big mouth fucker, stupid cocksucker! 
Are you scared of me now? Then you're dumber than I thought 
Always is, never was 
Foundation made of piss and vinegar 
Step to me, I'll smear ya - Think I fear ya? bullshit! 
Just another dumb punk chompin' at this tit 
Is there any way to break through the noise? 
Was it something that I said that got you bent? 
It's gotta be that way if you want it 
Sanity, Literal Profanity hit me! 

Spit it out 
All you wanna do is drag me down 
All I wanna do is stamp you out 

Maybe it's the way you spread a lotta rumour fodder 
Keepin' all your little spies and leavin' when you realise 
Step up, fairy 
I guess it's time to bury your ass with the chrome 
Straight to the dome 
You heard that right, bitch, I didn't stutter 
If you know what's good - sit, shut up and beg, brother 
Backstab - Don't you know who you're dissin'? 
Side swipe - we know the ass that you're kissin'! 
Bigidy - bigidy bitch boy, halfwat hauser 
Can't hear shit cuz I keep gettin' louder 
Step up, and you get a face full o' tactic 
Lippin' off hard, goin' home in a basket 
You got no pull, no power, no nuthin' 
Now you start shit? Well, ain't that somethin'? 
Payoffs don't protect, and you can't hide if you want 
But I'll find you - Comin' up behind you! 

Spit it out 
All you wanna do is drag me down 
All I wanna do is stamp you out 

'Bout time I set this record straight 
All the needlenose punchin' is makin' me irate 
Sick o' my bitchin' fallin' on deaf ears 
Where YOU gonna be in the next five years? 
The crew and all the fools, and all the politix 
Get your lips ready, gonna gag, gonna make you sick 
You got dick when they passed out the good stuff 
Bam 
Are you sick of me? Good enough - had enough 

Fuck me! I'm all out of enemies! 
Fuck me! I'm all out of enemas! 

Spit it out 
All you wanna do is drag me down 
All I wanna do is stamp you out

