[m. van Dyk: l. Boyarsky]

There's a kid who sees the world
A selfish kid: a good kid: a good kid
By his own means he knew the price of life
By his own means he knew the price for you
He must reveal it now, but to who?

A cluttered world.  A damaged world
A lost world he lives in
He stammers for the door but it is shut

Get out of the bars young one
Reach for the stars young one
Reach for the stars and be free

Seek shelter in voices you hear in the night
Rid yourself of the world that surrounds you
They didn't care
Now you should go

Seek to find all that is
Reach high for life
"I'll search for answer and I'll search for friend
And I'll search for you 'til I'm gone.
Now I must go be free."

Climb towards the sun and burn your fingers on life
If you're lucky you'll burn your body and soul

Remember the dreams, remember the visions
Remember the morals and values you had
And never forget the view from above

"Shatter me true 'til I'm gone and alone;
heal me 'til I'm whole"

See her lying there in the shade
Listening to the sounds of the green
Wishing, waiting, wanting so bad
She seeks the knowledge of the dream you once had
And wonders if you can recall that day

You stood in the park while it got dark

And conversed among the souls of the dead

One hundred billion people sifting through the sands
Looking for love and searching for truth
How misguided they've become since their youth
Become since their youth

Twisted and rotting and smelling of death
Their minds lie wasted and yearning for breath
And wanting and wanting some air
They crumble and fall onto the ground in despair

And the gods look from the heavens
And the men look from their graves
And the gods cry "Damn!" and a light flashes forth
Silence is fallen all over the land
And a black void settles over the night

From the filth and the blood and the crowd does emerge
An angry young man with a poem in hand
A prayer in his head
A blessing in heart
And an answer to all on the tip of his tongue

"Let the smoke clear
Look upwards my friends
See the beginning of life
See life's tragic ends
And never forget the boys who have died
For a cause not their own but of the wise"

We still survive but the sun has been lost and it falls to blaze
Lost in pollution's excretion of haze
Individuals do emerge but so few and apart
They are unseen by the evil and stark
And the landscape that bears the immortals who share
Who give of themselves and receive only care

The care of one hundred trillion people in space
And the care of one hundred billion who live on the place

The ones far out and the ones who discover
Are the ones who inspire a man and his lover
From the dawn of time to the reaches of space
Companionship and trust are the keys to fate
We want to fear all of the knowledge that we lust

Why do we work?  Why do we play?
Why do we kill?  Why do we live?
I want to be happy and I want to know sad
I want to have knowledge and I want to be dumb

I wish for the day, and it will come
That I know all the answers
And I know what to be and I know what to search for
And I know where to achieve

And there it shall lie
My corpse in the gutter
With knowledge and love
And the taste of the better

Looking through the window to space

