[originally by Sonata Arctica]You are my poison candygram,
A love that's meant to fade away
Vade retro, alter ego,
Move aside, I'm choking on my life
You think I tolerate your hate, as long as I'm afraid
But all I wanted was to be with you not suffer every day

Under the moon you held a wake for a promise torn
Mortally wounded, feelings sheltered me
Once again your shadow will enter my life
Time to walk with me the last mile...

We wrote a book about a man, a love, a woman, how they died
How I was waved aside, listen to the headless doves cry
You shouldn't see a madman in the mirror when you're weak
We spent a year in love before I realized what you see

Open your blue eyes, tell me that you love me, oh
Make me believe, ha! I know you're lying
You broke the vow I thought you made, oh, why...
Could I let you wait out the night

I always said, "My love, do the noble thing.
You have to finish what you started, no matter what,
Now, sit, watch and learn...
It's not how long you live, but what your morals say
Cannot keep part of the deal
So don't say a word... don't say a word."

It won't be long now, love, like mist I slowly fill the room
You placed a candle on my chest,
The path of night is manifest
I never wanted us to end up in this catatonic phase
It wasn't me who ran away, you made me stray...

Open your blue eyes, tell me did you love me? No.
Make me believe it, I know you lie
You broke the vow I thought you made
Settling the score, we pass the twilight...

I always said, "My love, do the noble thing.
You have to finish what you started, no matter what,
Now, sit, watch and learn...
It's not how long you live or what your morals say
Cannot keep part of the deal
So don't say a word... don't say a word."

Who would have thought, your stranglehold
On my heart is bound to end
I suppose, life sometimes,
It doesn't go the way it was meant
Though you were never a believer,
I won't die before you
You've read the book and delivered the verse
"Ashes to ashes, dust to dust"

Short is the flight of this little starling
When love, it sounds familiar to me
We had it all so sweet
But now the truth is revealed

No word you choose to speak tonight
Can make this pain alright
No, don't cry for me, no darling

The wounds are far too deep,
I need to keep the scars
To prove there was a time
When I loved you more than life

Unlike the last time here,
I now am the most sincere
The truth has now revived
The king is dead, but the queen is alive

Close your eyes, don't ever say you loved me, no
You never meant a word, I know you lied
When there is life, there is despair, indulge me now
And stay alive this night...
Before the first light arrives

I always said, "My love, do the noble thing.
You have to finish what you started, no matter what,
Now, sit, watch and learn...
It's not how long you live or what your morals say
Cannot keep part of the deal
So don't say a word... don't say a word."

Who would have thought, your stranglehold
On my heart is bound to end
Though you were never a believer,
I won't die before you...

Marco Heubaum: guitars, vocals, keyboards;
Gerit Lamm: drums;
Philip Restermeier: guitars;
Steven Wussow: bass;
Dianne van Giersbergen: vocals (female).

Thanks to oscar19d, despairhate for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to derby_media for correcting track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to grevas, larahaze88 for correcting track #7 lyrics.


