[Acoustic Bonus Track]

[Written by Jon Oliva, Criss Oliva, Paul O'Neill]

Hey child
Out on your own
You never look back
Never called home
You never turned round
Tell me the games that you play

Nighttime
Wander the streets
You never give ground
Never retreat
You're always Oz-bound
Have all the dreams been betrayed

Stay
Here where dreams tend to stray
Here you're safe when the night fades away
When the night fades away

Hey there
Oz-refugee
You took the wrong road
Hatters and tea are all that you found
Out on the great white way

Times change
You never did
Life came
You overbid
Join us
Vassals of courvasier

Stay
Here where dreams tend to stray
Here you're safe when the night fades away
When the night fades away

Story

On a late spring day an old sailor walked along the beach of a small Spanish
town contemplating the many years behind him and the numbered days remaining.
His name was Hector Del-Fuego Magellan and he claimed to be,
though very few believed that he was, a direct descendant of the famous explorer
Ferdinand Magellan, the first man to circumnavigate the globe in 1527.
He was carrying an aged hourglass with him. It was a family heirloom, his oldest
and most valued possession and he found its presence comforting.

The old man's sailing days were long past him and he had out-lived everyone
with whom he had been close. Having spent his life at sea, he had never had a
family, a decision which he now deeply regretted. As he walked, he would converse
quite openly with the ocean, and the occasional beachcomber that he would
encounter would always smile with amusement after he had passed.

After a time he stopped a slight distance from a small outdoor cafe where he
watched as an older woman sipped a small glass of wine. This he had done
every day since he had retired and returned to this town. He had also seen her
once, many years ago, in his youth when she had been a great beauty. She had left the
small port town to pursue an acting career, and having failed to achieve this
goal, had returned like himself to the place of their birth. Over the past year he had
often tried to work up the courage to approach her, but never could. Eventually, she
finished her drink and left and he resumed his journey.

As he walked he began discussing with the ocean his present lonely situation
and the seemingly pointless exercise of continuing to live. In his mind, he
imagined that this could only lead to a cold and lonely death, in some cold hospital for
the aged, surrounded by strangers. He tells the ocean that he would far prefer to
simply get into a small sailboat that he owned and sail out into the Atlantic until it
sank, embraced by the sea that he had so long loved. The ocean did not like this
idea, but though it could come up with no argument to dissuade him from this plan,
it did convince him to wait awhile.

A little further down the beach Hector saw what appeared to be a young man
asleep under a weathered pier. But when the ocean sent a wave that gently
brushed up against the boy's feet, the youth did not stir, and the sailor realized
that the man was dead. Scattered around his body were several small packets with the
words, "Blackjack Guillotine," imprinted on them as well as used hypodermic
needles.

The ocean whispered to him that it was a brand of heroin and that the boy
had overdosed. The sailor asked how such a young person, with obviously so much
to live for, could have gotten started on such a deadly poison, and the
ocean replied that it had been a gift on his eighteenth birthday from a friend. The old
man picked up the boy's jacket which had been laying beside him and covered the body
with it, while the ocean pushed a waterlogged funeral wreath with the name
Veronica Guerin written on it in gold foil still clinging to the leaves.

The name was meaningless to him, but he asked the ocean if it did not think
it inappropriate to steal a wreath from the dead. The ocean explained that it
had belonged to an Irish reporter who had been killed for fighting the drug
lords in her country, and she was sure the reporter would not mind.

After saying a quiet prayer over the body, Hector Magellan continued down
the shore, eventually stopping at the mouth of a small river that emptied into
the ocean. Thinking back on all he had just seen, how the world had changed
around him, he started to cry, not noticing a mother and small boy approaching as
they strolled along the beach. The child's eye was attracted to the hourglass
that the sailor was still carrying, and he went over to ask if he could see it. When
he noticed the sailor's tears, he instead asked why the old man was crying, but before
he could hear the reply, he was told by his mother to leave the nice gentleman alone.
Then taking the child's hand she led him off the beach.

Just as they were walking over the dunes, the child looked over his shoulder
in time to see the old man drop the hourglass to the ground, where the top
broke off and all the sand spilled out. The sailor did not even glance down at it, but
instead, waded out to his small sailboat just off the shore, pulled up the anchor,
and set sail into the twilight. He had decided that this ship would be his coffin and his
trail through the water his wake.

Several hours later, he had fallen asleep under the tiller, and in his
dreams his great ancestor appeared to him telling him to return to land. He awakened to find
himself in a violent Atlantic storm, and believed that the ocean had finally decided
to grant his wish, but despite the fact that he was sure that he was awake and alone,
he could still hear the sound of another human voice. Suddenly, a tremendous
bolt of lightning illuminated the night and he could see a man in the distance
struggling in the sea.

Hector scrambled to his feet and desperately tried to maneuver the boat
towards the man. Water poured over the sides and he then had to also fight just to
keep afloat while he seemed to be getting no closer to the victim. He begged to
God to forget the death that he had so feverently prayed for that day, or if this
could not be done, to at least grant him one final moment so that he could save this
life. But the storm raged on, and the man disappeared for longer and longer periods
beneath the surface.

Just when all had seemed lost, the wind suddenly changed direction and a
giant wave carried the vessel practically right beside the man. With a sudden
burst of new found strength, he pulled him on board and as the storm resided, he
reversed course back towards land. His passenger told him that he had been a stowaway
on board a freighter and that the officers had thrown him overboard.

The old sailor was horrified, saying that even in the days of Magellan, when
life was considerably cheaper, this thing was never done. He said that they must
report this crime immediately to the police, but the stowaway asked him not to inform
the authorities, since he had entered the country illegally. Hector understood
his situation, and many hours later, he dropped him off with a docked freighter
that was loading cargo for America, and whose captain was an acquaintance.

His new mission accomplished, Hector then returned to the beach where he had
started. On the sand he could see his hourglass which someone had repaired
and refilled. He stepped into the water without dropping anchor or taking down
the sails, then turning, he pushed the boat out towards the sea before wading ashore.
Once there, he picked up his hourglass and started to walk back towards the
little cafe, the ocean gently erasing his footprints behind him.

SAVATAGE LINE-UP:
Zak Stevens - Vocals
Johnny Lee Middleton - Bass
Chris Caffery - Guitars
Al Pitrelli - Guitars
Jeff Plate - Drums
Jon Oliva - Keyboards, Additional Vocals

Produced by Paul O'Neill

Thanks to blitzkrieg666 for sending tracks #13, #14 lyrics.
Thanks to metallica1980m for sending tracks ## 16-18 lyrics.
Thanks to g6nickchad for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to metallica1980m for correcting tracks ## 14, 15 lyrics.


