Come come infernal war awake beasts of hell
free yourself from the chains that have been holding you for 666 years
We await sodomy and destruction

It is the night of the triumphator (starts the burning of heaven)

On this night in the pentagrams power we shoot the angels down from the sky
(and we) sodomize the dirty whores of babylon... on christian ground

On this night we torture the betrayers
Night night holy night of the triumphator
(rape the nuns, hang the priests, cut the throat of the crying christians)

This is second demo, reissued in 1995 (split with Enslaved demo)
Front cover shows Satyr, the winter of 92/93

Music composed by Satyr 1992
Lyrics by Satyr 1992
Except track 4, music and lyrics 1995
Tracks 1,2 &amp; 3 recorded 27th &amp; 28th of march 1993, track 4 recorded
the 15th &amp; 17th of october 1995
All in the ancient spectre ruins at skoklefald

Satyr - string and nocturnal voice
Frost - battery

Well  something  had to be done sooner or later with these songs. This is
the  original  recording of our second demo, which marked the beginning of the
developement  of  our music. The first one was with a different line up and is
not  interesting at all. With only me left as a fulltime member from our first
line  up  I  found  a  new  drummer  and  prepared for recording new material.
Influencing  me  at  the time was not only the magic of the night but also the
old  bands  who contributed to the beginning of the music genre - black metal.
If you don't understand what kind of bands I 'm talking about, I guess there's
no  reason  for  you  reading  any further. "The Night Of The Triumphator" was
recorded as a bonus track to pay our tribute to some of those bands. This time
was  an  important  period  for  the  band  and  although  the material is not
representative for what we have done later and will do in the future, this was
a  perfect  start for the "new" Satyricon. The demand for these songs has been
tremendous  and we like them very much ourselves, therefore we decided to make
them available.
One behalf of Satyricon
Satyr

This was originally released in 1992 but was re-released in 1995 with some additional tracks.


