[Words:  Phil Holland]
[Music:  Prophecy]

Slowly awaken, questioning my life, pondering a past, 
harmonious with strife, seeking tranquility yet finding aggression, 
imprisoned by my core of depression.   
Why must I...  feel this way no one sees... the price I pay.  
Angry at life, wondering why I could care less if I live or die playing a part, 
hoping no one can see this existing turmoil that's raging in me.  
Hopelessly... I grieve.  
Bound by destiny never be free from conception to death 
it's only been me in my life nothing real to be found carry feelings of sorrow 
into the ground.  
Others oblivion fucking overwhelms me core of depression my eternal destiny.  
[SOLO (Boogie)] 
What the fuck do you want?   
Now you've been warned???  
If onlyyyy... 
had you listened you would still be able to decide 
how to die but you chose to interfere and try to get inside my mind.   
For this you will surely sacrifice physical an mental being 
cause now I long to bring upon you constant torture...  suffering...  
[SOLO (James)] 
Screaming bleeding agonizing mentally!  
Had you listened you would still be able to decide how to die 
but you chose to interfere and try to get inside my mind...  
for this you will surely sacrifice physical and mental being 
cause now I long to bring upon you constant torture... suffering... 
at last I've finally found fulfillment, 
close to tranquility unleashing all my vent up anger on your flesh before me.  
Every time I hear you cry out bloodcurdling agony I can't hold back my urge 
to laugh hysterically!!  
Bones crunching punctured organs, 
causing undefined pain resemblance to my own torment, 
fuck I'm insane!  
Waiting for your life to end something overcomes me once I used to dwell 
in sadness, your pain relief to me.  
I sincerely hope that now you feel all the sorrow 
and hatred dwelling inside my only soul.  
You could not comprehend...  
at last my life has begun, cause yours soon ends!  
Lasting peace now upon me in this earthly hell 
I'm no more leaving behind no regrets or hopes nothing left to care for.   
Seeking tranquility yet finding aggression imprisoned by my core of depression.

