[Music and Lyrics by John Petrucci]

Is there ever really a right time?
You had led me to believe
Someday you'd be there for me
When the stars above aligned
When you weren't so consumed
I kept looking for the clues
So I waited in the shadows of my heart
And still the time was never right

Until one day I stopped caring
And began to forget why I longed to be so close
And I disappeared into the darkness
And the darkness turned to pain
And never went away
Until all that remained was buried, deep beneath the surface

A shell of what things could've been
Tired bones beneath a veil of guarded secrets all too frail
Sad to think I never knew
You were searching for the words
For the moment to emerge
Yet the moment never came
You couldn't risk my fragile frame

Until one day you stopped caring
And began to forget why you tried to be so close
And you disappeared into the darkness
And the darkness turned to pain
And never went away
Until all that remained was buried, deep beneath the surface

I would scream just to be heard
As if yelling at the stars
I was bleeding just to feel
You would never say a word
Kept me reaching in the dark
Always something to conceal

Until one day I stopped caring
And began to forget why I longed to be so close
And I disappeared into the darkness
And the darkness turned to pain
And never went away
Until all that remained was buried, deep beneath the surface
Beneath the surface

John Myung ‒ Bass
John Petrucci ‒ Guitars, Backing Vocals
James LaBrie ‒ Vocals
Jordan Rudess ‒ Keyboards
Mike Mangini ‒ Drums


Thanks to patti86, spencermandryk, lucasdenis for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to ev3rdying for sending tracks ## 4, 9 lyrics.
Thanks to ilai1456 for sending track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to carsten-kruse, crq1994 for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to darkmarco_dmoc for correcting track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to yura.shvetsov for correcting tracks ## 5, 6 lyrics.
Thanks to matthews5335 for correcting tracks ## 6-8 lyrics.
Thanks to andy.freestyle for correcting track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to heavymetalmanson666 for correcting track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to evilgenius7193 for correcting track #9 lyrics.


