False innocence in the eyes of a sad child, grief of a lost soul in a grey vast world
You and I dig the same hole, this is a man's world, this is a dead world

The chrisalyd woke me from its autist catalepsy...
And the somber butterfly burnt his wings at the so called divine daylight
And thus became a foul fly laying its eggs over human decay as a revenge on god's creation
I awake and I see the devil's face telling me to zip down the pure one, to pull the trigger,
to abuse you to liberate my wrath, to let him coming out from me
Touch the scars on my naked body
Let it be done before my skin turns cold turkey
I disgust myself, you think it's just a game
You'll sleep before you realize I abused your innocence
Lost youth memories come back to the surface
Endless pit of melancholy which soil my eyes and face
A dirty plastic giraffe, not stained with piss and crass
I thought i'd never have to hate what I am now
Each time i remind of lost purity
A poisonous torpidity cuts my sleep
The past is dead and will never live again
No prostethic can replace what's lost and gone
I'm coming inside your purity
As soon as it's done bitterness invades me
Cum is bile, desire is a lie
You can't understand why I try to die...

A small death that hurt
I'm cold and afraid
Deserts of solitude and guilty thoughts
Screw my head and terrify me

Everything is turning from pink to grey
Descent to reality
Alone in my head, alone in my flesh
Until the day I'll definitely be alone in a hole
Each minute seems to last a year and each day is the same as the one before
you''ll never grow up and reach humanhood, you know... there is no use to become like them, to live their life of bitterness tears and abuse
i've tried and failed, just see...what I did of me...
They'll do to you...

The mask of death was wearing your face
Downfallen and skinny
You seem so small in your coffin
Look at my eyes... they bleed

What is their so called of god? that erase my friends, that destroy my dreams?
What have you done for me?
Why don't you just kill me?
You can be proud of you bitch...
One of the strings that keep me sane have been slashed once again
You're not buried as i stay
Standing in my desert
Forget the holy ground
Their god was for the living ones I am not they just can't see something died within me
Never ask why....
We're the orphans of god
Another father will take us all
Just give your soul for the change...this fucking soul
Abandon your life to him, never mourn the human world, never look back for what we've done, for all the ones left behind, take his hand and shut your eyes

