[Music &amp; lyrics: Nightmarer]

You came and you've gone. 
You've been here and even you have not left a wake.
 I hear your voice in my head like an echo of what never was.
I have a feeling of irreplaceable loss. 
I feel the void from within.
I hear the songs that I first heard before being with you. 
They are irrefutable proof that I'm alone.
 I never heard these songs when we were together. 
Nowadays these songs remain, but what we had doesn’t.
I watch the imaginary pictures hanging on a fridge that does not exist, 
of children we never had and never will. I miss them. 
You have separated them from me. 
You took them away from me. I can’t recognize them, I can’t remember them. 
Their faces were defined as years together went by, 
but now they are blurred, and they are fading away.
I wonder how my life would had been with you, 
I can see myself crying for you at your deathbed in old age, 
I imagine you crying my farewell in the same way, 
taking stock of the past and missing him. 
Not regretting even for a moment to have spent all our lives together.
A long time ago we released our hands, 
and when I tried again to hold yours you had gone away.
I keep reliving the moment when I saw how you were leaving 
and closing the door behind you.
 I could have run to you and have solved everything, but I did not. 
Deeply I knew that this would happen, but I did nothing about it.
I picture myself in deathbed in a few years wondering why.
Who's to blame? What was the cause? 
Unimportant. Nothing is so important.
Now you're just a memory in my head. You are intangible, immaterial and unreal.
It seems you have never happened.
It seems you have never existed.

Now you're just a memory in my head. 
You are intangible, immaterial and unreal.

I wish to fade away myself with your memories and die. 
Because I am part of all these faded memories, and this passed away wake. 
Without you, my existence makes no sense.
You faded away… you passed away…you never happened.
You faded away… you passed away…you have not ever been there
You have faded away… you disappeared…you never happened
You faded away… you just passed away
You’ve been here and even you have not left a wake.

