[GROWL x2]
A darkened, dim-lit hallway 'til...
Blacklights and figures fly out,
Perfect expression of theater...
And how I've tasted my on blood,

And I've taken and you've given,
Wilted-away... And it won't be long 'til
my visions are clear... And the passion,
the bodies, sucks you in... I feel
this violence consume me, endlessly...
I can't leave the sight of this for
retrospect... And tingling with the gain,
I seem all small with darkened-eyes,
that gives us power over souls,

I can't leave the sight of this for
retrospect... Failings, failings, failings,
And failings, failings, failings...

[GROWL]
I've been alotted night, the other thing is
the flesh at risk... Y'all keep nothing for me,
I will do right, to raise this flesh... Y'all
bring nothing for me,

Enter a builder of fear... To please show them
how to live... White-eyes are burning your skin,
with the envy of the dead...

And I've taken and you've given,
Wilted-away... And it wont be long 'til
my visions are clear... And the passion,
the bodies, sucks you in... I feel
this violence consume me, endlessly...
I can't leave the sight of this for
retrospect... And tingling with the gain,
I seem all small with darkened-eyes,
that gives us power over souls,

I can leave my ignorance behind with you
Failings, failings, failings, And failings,
failings, failings...

As light then fills the eye with tears...
When boiling light hits the skin, Erase the
memory of the light, ignore the object above woods...

Mid-night, I pray that this is much more
than a dream... My little door to worlds
has damned us all to hell...

Everytime I look into the mirror--I see it
in my face... I'm possesed by the goblin
child to destroy the human race, though,
I haven't forgotten hope... I know the
ancient lore, God will strike me down--to
Hell; forever-more... Into the burial shroud,
ignore love and peace... With his mark upon
my flesh, ignore love and peace... So beat
the darkest heart, ignore love and peace...
Beyond a careful wall, ignore love and peace

