When I look ahead, where the mountains rise
Where the winding path stretches out of sight
With my wish in mind - see the peak of snow
I simply pack my things ... and go ...

And here I walk this way with feet on stony ground
To savour each step I take ... no matter what I'll find
No need to think of all those obstacles around
I finally reach the top, sit down and feel alive ...

Gonna make it right - and I breathe in ... Gonna make it right my own way
Take it as it comes - simply feel it ... Take it without thoughts, without pains
Gonna make it right ... and you're gonna share my endless view ...
Gonna make it right, make it right ...

High - up here on ancient ground ... high above the stones ...
Though I sit here alone, you were never gone
Now share the earth with me

Stay, my friend and share with me your time
Just as once, when I shared with you mine

See the world that I can see from here ... through my eyes

Seize the day - perhaps you understand
It gives me strength - I hoped it helped, my friend

You can trust it my sincerity ... Taught by our tragedy

Found my way up here

Though I sit here alone, you were never gone
Now share the earth with me

Stay my friend - look back in time with me
I tried my best ... I hope that you agree
I won't scrutinize our destiny ... The way that you expect from me
And it led me right up here

High - up here on ancient ground ... high above the stones ...
Where the mountains sit enthroned ... deserted by care

Though I sit here alone, you were never gone
Please share the world with me

Grain of truth - it trickles through my fingers
Different view - so hard to take ...
I tried, but you refused to even listen ... Just if you knew to follow me here ...

Can you find what I show you? Can you try and see?

Gonna make it right - and I breathe in ...

Through gashed, withered canyons ... through snow-covered hills
With ease as compannion I'll move on (I wil)
No mather how arduous, I promise I'll do
I won't question the perils - just keep on ... with you ...

