Feels just like yesterday when I entered that place
Rather by accident than really by fate
The old man - immediately his eyes watched my soul
When I sat in front of him he made me recall ...

Why did the sky send all this rain, hollow out the headstone?
How could it dare to drown the bravery!
Why did it wash our ground away and erode what we've grown?
While just a trace of rust remains ...

Autumn rain poured down, flushed the grit away
Black hole in the ground - metal rayed out pain
Drops of forlorn times camouflaged my tears
In slow motion I watched them fall on me

I went on a journey to distant galaxies
The reason for my travel were black holes that I'd meet
I could barely make out the earth I left behind
Some would call it coward but I have called it wise ... desperatly wise ...
Way above the dark clouds - here I could avoid the rain
And it was beyond doubt it would suffocate my pain
In my iron rocket, searching for a golden sun
I could not conceive that I was actually on the run ... not an easy one ...

The old man then cut my dream as he started to talk
Of old times and tyranny, of bombs and of war
He spoke of a different world and his eyes were so wise
That moment, so valuable, made me realise...

Learn to let go - don't endure it in vain
Know that a rainbow follows close upon rain ...
Far away we travel, but it's here where we can find it inside
Farewell to old friends but a welcome to life!
Learn to let go and find - don't endure it in vain
Know that a rainbow can never arise without rain ...
Far we expect the sun - but right here it will hide
Farewell to old friends but a welcome to life ... that's a reason to survive!

I faced the fall - a ransom thought, I tumbled down, condemned it all
I cursed the world and blamed myself, I cried it out ... and I cried it out ...
The higher we fly up, the deeper we fall in the end ...

I miss your grace, miss your sight ... I miss the friend and your guide
The way ahead, your trace behind ... I wipe off the tears, move on to find

After the rain and down the road ... Out of your pain flowers will grow
During the night while you wait for the sun
Look up to the sky for a new day will come

Though it grieved me, it hurt me, still sometimes I cry ...
Though not easy I finally agreed to say good-bye

Learn to let go and find - don't endure it in vain
Know that a rainbow can never arise without rain ...
Far we expect the sun - but right here it will hide
Farewell to old friends but a welcome to life ...
that's a reason to survive!

Marco Glühmann - vocals
Matthias Harder - drums
Sebastian Harnack - bass
Jan Petersen - guitars
Volker Söhl - keyboards &amp; piano

All music written, arranged and produced by Sylvan
Lyrics written by Macro Glühmann




