[I. The Shimmering Tides of Revelation]

[Instrumental]

[II. Into The Void]

Today I seek to procreate, exonerate the sickly skins.
My former selves, they drift away into the ether.
As I'm reborn without a face, without a name,
I find my true vocation.

Too many times have I seen squander in myself and in others
While not manifesting the purity I sought
With such a fatal flaw, I joined the masquerade;
A grand charade in which we all participate

With no excision.

A transient glimmer of in-corporeality from beyond the veil.
Into the eyes of light I gaze, transfixed as my soul is purged of all its bile;
I bathe in the source of magnanimity.

I feel
I've known you before.
Re-united as one.
I feel your presence here.
We have met before.

And to this day I have held your hand,
Your guidance never leading me astray,
But into light and hope, you give me purpose beyond all that is earthly.

I see the masks with which we play our games, indulgences for cosmic gains;
Fulfilling archetypes, the dreamer dreams.
Into the void I leap, convinced of destiny,
Protected by my faith in that I cannot see;

For I have read your lips and I have felt your shame,
Have no fear, my Brother, for this pain is shared.
We ache in unison for reconciliation.
Let us take this step as above so below.

As above so below,
Veils upon veils,
Veils upon veils,
I renounce myself.

[III: Traversal of the Immaterial]

I've had too many sleepless nights,
Too lost in restless thoughts,
Fragmented dreamscapes assault my reality
As the shards of my excursions flutter in and out of sight.

Oh God, what have I done to bring this on myself?
Is this my punishment for past transgressions
Or is this simply a test of my will to continue against all logic
For a taste of the fool's gold or some unearthly reward?

Is this a dream or is this real?
Is there more beyond the veil?
Is there an answer that can ease my burden?
My tortured heart it sinks into the depths of misery,
I feel frustration mount, the pieces just won't fit.

Is this just all a game,
The rules of which are not revealed
Until it takes its dying breath?
I want so badly for it all to just make sense.

Too late, it's all too late... For me?

Tell me that I can trust, tell me that I can love.
Tell me I have a face, tell me I have a name.
My ears they hear no music, my eyes they see no shapes;
Just an amorphous mass of subjectivity.

If all is relative, how can there ever be a truth?
The bitter tasting certainty eludes both me and you.
For in the name of God they sing their praise,
But still I cannot feel his presence.

You leave me cornered against my will.
I'll not forgive, I'll not forget.
I'll shame your name, I'll make your life a living hell.

Until you find your strength, I'll drain your life.
I'll eat your soul against your will.
Can't you see? We're testing you.

And so I crawl, 'til I can walk once more.
And so I sleep, 'til I can dream again.

We dance amongst the flames, their heat a comforting aid to resolution.
Or so we feel, or so we dream, as we partake of a collective hallucination.

A thousand realms of thought with nothing left but time
To fully realise our visions, immortalised with pen and paper.
Our resonances trapped in ink, to linger for eternity
A monument of journeys passed, with new ones in the wings...

[IV: Ouroboros]

And so I sink once more into the ever-present plain of dreams
I feel so tired, I feel so weak.
My vessel longs for rest, it longs for sleep.

A thousand incarnations stretching through both time and space;
Where does this spiral end?
Does it ever cease to exist?

Melting away into a fleeting sea of faces;
Who have I been? Who have I known?
And were you there, my long lost brother?
Your face is so familiar, like deja-vu.

We once again tread carelessly into the waters at world's end.

Baptised in fire,
A rite of passage.
We come of age together,
Conjoined at the soul, irrevocably.

Bound to the Ouroboros, I will eat my own tail
Eternally.

[V. Dance of the Worker Ants]

But still you poison yourselves,
Wearing masks and trading faces
Like the ticking clock of time, so set in your insipid little ways.

Like worker ants serving your queen,
Slaves in your devotion to obscenity.
So lost in the illusion, you fail to see your own pathetic confusion.

Led astray so easily and all it takes is one taste of the poison
To keep you coming back for more, incapable of the inevitable cease-fire.

So you sling shit like monkeys in cages,
Self-made prisons for the ages.
Captive like petty animals, so unevolved from the primordial ooze.

You hold your forked tongue.
Your poisoned words will be heard no more.

[VI. The Man With No Face]

Let us be free, of this cage that we have helped construct,
To grow in unison, to leave behind the grand illusion.
The tides hear everything and they see everyone.
Have no fear my brother, for they do not judge.

It's not too late to change, to leave behind your sin,
To shed old skins and re-evaluate your purpose.
I leave my mask behind to quench the sands of time.
I cleanse myself and become the man with no face.

Nameless and faceless,
Nameless and faceless,
Nameless and faceless for we are all one and the same.




