I'm here to tell you once again
This is the beginning of the end
Sacrificial emotions that torture the mind
Spiritual delusions that lead the blind
Questioning the motives of those that forsake
Adding kerosene to the souls that ache
I'm just a messenger my friend
I can not stop what you can't end
Living for life!

And now I'm back here once more facing up with what I despise
Face to face
But when you stand up strong and don't give in
Oh, what a rise!
You can't get back what you waste away
While you think that life ain't fair...
Life ain't fair!
'Cause the seconds, minutes, hours, days, years they don't really care
They don't care!

[Chorus]
Oh! The tears and all the seat
Oh! That pain you'll never forget
Oh! The doubt that rips you apart
But--oh--the sweetness of each pulse of the heart

It's a fight 'til the end
We'll keep that fight 'til the end
They'll be a fight 'til the end
It's our fight to the end...
Living for life!

I get so pissed, and sick, and tired of all the lies
Sick of the lies!
But when you face the truth and battle on...
Oh, what a rise!
So when you're down so low and can't find the strength to get back up
Get up!
We'll be there in spirit screaming, "Yo, get your fucking ass up!"
Get your ass up!

Oh! The screams and all the cries
Oh! The shame and all of the lies
Oh! The little things that tear us apart
But--oh--the sweetness of each pulse of the heart

But now we are living to live...
Live your life!

Oh! How we are living to live...
Living for life!
How we are living to live...
Living for life!
Now we are living to live...
Living for life!
When life gets hard, then hard is what you need to be
'Cause there's nothing wrong with going toe to toe with reality

There's nothing more painful than the ending of the end
They'll be no more warnings ever again
No more avoidance or looking back
Just the tortured remains of a brutal attack

Sadness was all you were trained to find
Brutally tortured by your own mind
You killed the messengers my friend
But that never kills the pain within

