Now the sordid seasons encompass the lands,
Bringing dark despair into all hearts
The forebears have never accepted their fate,
But hung on tight to their dreams instead...

...shattered like broken mirrors!
Reflecting futility
Hopeless confusion
Ordinary passion won't last an eternity

How long have you followed your dreams?
The trail is getting colder,
And the goal still no closer
Futile searching in vain
Hopeless we all become

Shadows play in front of my eyes
I can't see the path that was chosen, that I was to follow,
Now what's to become of me?
Despite the precautions of past generations, we're running out of hand
How to avoid possible lamentations
When nothing goes just as you planned?

When the past was present
And the future was dark,
All hoped for a better day
Change would come and change would be
Engraved inside our souls and hearts...

...there will be no brighter day!
All will evolve, the world will change
But the failure of one will still live on

Is all then truly hopeless and lost?
A step from moving onwards,
We are barred by illusions
Living inside a sphere
Of what we think might be

I must break these chains of delusions off me,
To look up and see that all
Is not all it was made out to be
Striking out to break preconceptions
But all cannot always adhere
Messages lost in the rivers of lifetimes
Flowing away to somewhere

Iridescent blue neon lights can't disguise
Human displays of broken hope
Dragging the mind through cold waters of time
This illusion will not lose its grip

Now where is the other way?
A shadow of oblivion
In the back of your mind

I must break these chains of delusions off me,
To look up and see that all
Is not all it was made out to be

Now I see that I could create a superior reality
But striving and changing and twisting and bending
The world changes only for me
All should consider all possible options,
Break stride and think again
Drawing on strength from the will to make different
The situation at hand

Can the future be drawn in another direction
If we try to alter its course?
Or is all predetermined and since long decided
By something that we cannot touch?
In the answer lies questions in multiple layers
And one can still bring it to fall
All will evolve, the world will change
But the failure of one will still live on

