[Bonus Track][originally by Anti-Nowhere League]They are the League

Another boring night and I am feeling pissed
My head is fucked up and I am in a mess
Too many drugs, they make me high
I want to cause havoc, I want to die
They are the League, and they are the extra man
They are the League and they are the anti-band
And do not you say you are feeling bored
The League are here and they are scorned
We are the League The Anti-Nowhere League

You criticise them, you say they are shit
But they are up here and they are doing it
So do not you criticise the things they do
No fucker pays to go and see you
They are the League and they are mad
They are the League and the music is bad
Fuck-up noise like you have never known
They will make you wish you had stayed at home
We are the League The Anti-Nowhere League

But They ain't no dogs, they ain't no man
They hate the things they do not understand
A time for love, but that ain't class
If you do not fucking like it stuff it up your arse
They are the League and they are mean
They are the League and they are obscene
Don't give a toss what you think
And all your views they fucking stink
We are the League The Anti-Nowhere League
And don't fuck with the League!

VOCALS: Dave Ingram
GUITAR: Darren Brookes
GUITAR: Peter Rew
BASS: Frank Healy
DRUMS: Neil Hutton

LYRICS:
Lots of people ask me questions on the subject matter of Benediction's lyrics, so for this LP here's a brief explanation to what they're about:

Shadow World - The dark side of Humanity. Based loosely on "Shadow World" by Clifford D. Simak.

I - The inherant illjudgement within us all, that sometimes causes our greatest mistakes.

Carcinoma Angel - An internal battle against Cancer. Based on "Carcinoma Angels" by Norman Spinrad.

Agonised - My brother was involved in a car crash and this was written around the feelings I suffered that day.

Deadfall - A man lies trapped under the weight of his wife's dead body in the summer heat.

Grind Bastard - A song of hatred, revilement and revenge.

The Bodiless - Based on "Jack The Bodiless" by Julian May.

We, The Freed - In an ignorant world this is just one voice amongst many, against the hypocritical society we live in.

West Of Hell - Written about England's notorious mass murderer, Fred West.

Magnificat (Irenicon) - A song of hope for our future. Based on "Magnificat" by Julian May.

Nervebomb - The suffering of full mental dysfunction , and eventual breakdown.

Acknowledgements to: The Baron, Nick Blinko, Steve Ignorant and Ian Anderson.

Dave Ingram

BENEDICTION CONTACT:
P.O.Box 2653 / Northfield / Birmingham B31 5NZ / ENGLAND
(Enclose 2 I.R.C.'s for reply)

OFFICIAL BENEDICTION WEB SITE:
http://cal011111.student.utwente.nl/lsd/benedict
(Site maintained and updated by: Johan "Zenial" Bremer)

Thanks to nirajpandya for sending tracks ## 12, 14 lyrics.


