'It wasn't until 4:29, that Vortigern turned his eyes to the castle, and to the remnants of the kings Canon.
Now feeble old men, they quickly realized that their existence would be reduced to dust in minutes, of a breach of the castle's walls.
But this didn't stop them. They did not mournfully bury their work, they did not cease their cause, no.

Instead, they moved their research plans into the sealed palaces, that were their minds, leaving no evidence behind.
When the conqueror arrived, the old men, whose plans had rid the world off so many lives, hid themselves in plain sight.
It had been decades since the last balls were flung over the walls.
Years, since the crows had fed, during the great escalations.
It was the summer, settlers had claimed the futile lands as farms, and the fields surrounding the castle were laden with crops.
As the walls were too high to mantle, and the gates were pitch black, the settlers didn't realize that the castle was occupied, at least, not until it was too late.

Every night, a member of the kings Canon would climb to the highest tower, and would stare out into the darkness.
They were waiting for this moment. In the distance, a member saw the vague flickers and glows of orange light, coming from the fog. They were coming.

He ran to the under-croft, and informed the others of the impending plight.
The men were prepared. They left their belongings, walked up the steps from the under-croft, and set foot into the grand hall.
Together, they lifted a large stone slab, and placed it over the entrance to their quarters, sealing it with rudimentary mortar.
For the first time in years, they laid their eyes on the king, who appeared to be almost vanished.
His crown almost resting on the seat of the throne.

In the shadows of the night, the men walked down the secret tunnels, and descended onto the fields.
One by one, they entered the homes of the farmers, and quietly murdered anyone they found.

When the army arrived, they were persuaded to allow the farmers to stay, to tend their fields.

It's how they survived, Henry.
It's how they're still here now, generations later.
Still loyal to the king they never knew.'
[Jennifer Parker]

