(Careful what you wish for) (Careful what you wish for)
[11x]

Obituary's son

Will anyone miss me when I'm gone?
Will anyone mourn obituary's son?
I'm in a glass house with no stones to throw,
So I use my fists (so I use my fists)
Even blood itself has a home,
So I kiss my wrists

You wouldn't believe me if I told you what I've seen
No amount of water can wash these blood-soaked hands clean

(Oh!) (Sometimes I want to, sometimes I want to)
Sometimes (Sometimes I want to, sometimes I want to)

I want to rid the earth
Of any semblance of me

Sometimes I want to
(Sometimes I want to)
Sometimes I want to
(Sometimes I want to)

Sometimes I want to disappear (Sometimes I want to, sometimes I want to)
Silently (Sometimes I want to, sometimes I want to)

I want to disappear; let me disappear, let me disappear
I want to disappear; let me disappear, let me disappear
I want to disappear; let me disappear, let me disappear
I want to disappear; let me disappear, let me disappear

Well it hurts to laugh, and it hurts to cry,
And it hurts to look another man in the eyes,
And it hurts to live, o', God, but it hurts even worse to die
Sometimes I can't believe I'm still alive

(Will anyone miss me?
Will anyone mourn?)

Will anyone miss me when I'm gone?
(I won't be)
Another suicide, another life undone
(Obituary's son)
But I turn away the loaded gun
Another dance with death, another battle won
(Obituary's son)

But I'm still alive, so take your hands off me
But I'm still alive and kicking, so take your hands off me,
So take your hands off me

("I'm so glad you're home. Please, talk to me. Talk to us. Are you...OK?
Can you talk? Will you talk?"
"I don't want to talk right now."
"I understand that. You can't…shut me out that way. You have to talk about it. You don't have to lock me out."
"No, I don't want to talk about it."
"Not right now, you don't. I get that. But in order to have to talk about it…with me, or your friends, or Dad-"
"OK, I get it. You're not gonna talk to me about it. I don't want to hear about it."
"Look. You can't just un-involve yourself that way."
"Well he can't scare us to death in the middle of the night and make us go pick him up. We thought you were dead."
"That's…that's not what I wanted to get across right now. He's alive. I want you to know that I'm here."
"I know that you're here."
"I've always been there."
"No. He obviously doesn't do anything is work here every single day, and he still goes off and does something."
"OK, are you serious?"
"Yes, I'm serious! You need to learn how to grow up and be a man! There are other children with their own problems just like everybody else has.")
"Are you serious? OK. OK. OK."
"You know, we help him out. We do everything for him. It's time that he learned, you know, maybe this is a way to cope."
"Stop."
"We can start giving back."
"Just stop."
"You know, you guys can figure this out."
"No, we can't."
"I am…I am not gonna have this conversation with you guys."
"It's not- […]"
"Figure it out yourself."

"OK, listen to me. You mean the world to me. I want you to feel that way about yourself. I love you. Dad loves you. He just can't talk about this.
He can't get that close to his own child."
"He has no idea how to feel."
"I know that, and I want to. I want you to know that I love you and Dad loves you. Do you know that? Do you know it?"
"Yeah."
"Without you…I can't- I don't wanna- either- I love you."
"I love you too.")




