O You imagine those who were to love you.
In your closed eyes everything is thrown into fire.
Would they really held their hands out to you if the burnt were you?
Do listen to the voices of your instinct telling what you'd believe exists elsewhere.
You, who survived in hell set fire upon the flower garden
based on the multiplex coating of total ignorance.
MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!

Everything was your fault.
Your wrong god is your own reflection.
You shall never know the meaning of life.
At the moment you regard it as only a nightmare, the nightmare becomes eternal.
Open your eyes to the reality.
As far as your regard him there as the god of your world,
your own world keeps dragged around by somebody else in you.
So do open your eyes and listen to thr voices of reality.
Only those who look straight at the reality shall obtain the keys to the way out
and others shall be thrown into the cycle of eternal extinction.
MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!

You see a line of the fools, with serial numbers, walking like pieces.
Their vacant hope shall never come true.
Eternally.
A beggar fat and ugly wearily points the destination for the line of the blind.
For the line of the blind!
It is your job to cut the beggar's arm off he shoulder
by raisimg a large sickle from the boiling crater.
Then he shall nevermore operate you nor your life.
The beggar loses all his arms and legs an he falls straight into the crater.
So you laught at him.
With all your heart:
You have no more need for him, nor his existence, for whatever you do.

Would they really held their hands out to you if the burnt were you?
What you'd believe exists elsewhere.

MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!
Hang the beggar who fell down from the god's throne.
Mighty act Satan and his servants!

MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!
Crush the skull of the beggar who fell down from the god's throne

MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!
Mighty act Satan and his servants!

MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!
Crush the everything of whom fell down from the god's throne.

MEKALZO KUHES SAITAN OD FAH'FAYN!
Mighty act Satan and you his servants!
And out of the cycle of misery and loss

