Time has come, the world should take a look at the this.
Here is the new order of darkness.
BRAMJZH ZONUHF OD LONUD MERK KA'OSSKH!

Now you are marching to the new horizon.
The deceived fools are lying, covered with blood, filth and pus.
Here and there constantly, echo their wordless screams.
In the name of a Satan, blessed is your arrival.
The lives shall soon be lost of those miserable wandering.
A new dawn shall never come here on this earth.
God's Kingdom, paradise of the dead has its plating removed and torn off.
Now everything is thrown into fire.
The fantasy has already come to its end.
Scoop the hearts of the frauds out.
Time has come, the world should open its eyes.
Here is the new order of darkness.
ABRAMJZH ZONUHF OD LONUD MERK KA'OSSKH!

Set fire on the castle of god, corrupting and falling.
Time has come. 
Yours is the new order of darkness.

It is your occupation to recover the world to its ideal form
Your flame of revenge lights up the right way buried among the corpses of the loser
Only those who became your comrades obtain freedom,
and all others fall down paying compensation for their temporary prosperity.
This way is only one for you.
Rages the might storm of the freezing death.
The blackened poets sew the words to praise a new world by the total destruction.

Now your eyes are to be opened.
Christ is crucified again, has his limbs cut out,
and blackens the cracked earth with his impure blood.
Time has come, the world should reap the seeds of absurdity out.
Here is the new order of darkness.
Drag out and infringe on the internal organs of both the son and the former god.
Prepare of the reign of Satan and his kingdom on earth!
Time has come.
Yours is the new order of darkness.

Bells ringing for you, and the desperate cries of the vanquished
Cut the throats of the nuisance on your way.
Dump oil, set them on fire an infringe them until they lose ther original shapes.
The instigator of imitation light is finally dragged out under the sun
He has his thirty-one parts skewered by the Wise, in the name of unification.
Impossible to leave alone, this world underwined by harmful insects.
You grasp the light of reincarnation in your own hands
Time has come, once again the earth rots down and the heaven burns
Here is the new order of destruction and reincarnation

