Eternal war is eventually ends, and the damage that was done will last still.
Charming by a song of wind and melody of nature, the gods themselves will possess the rite.
Cities full of scent of aversion and hatred will reunite, will declare peace for the years, for the centuries and decades.
Deities look at them, for hours, for the days of peaceful time, between a fun and glee of nations.
And soon the kings of the skies were satisfied.
But they sent them a wanderer.
Fading away, sky fall and resurrect me by the essence, and all my sins will turn to ashes.
She came up from the clouds, like a dove, so tender.
The daughter of the skies, with love – the strongest relation.
She has no name.
For others she was a stranger, a wanderer that brings only a good deeds, and teach them for same.
She brings to all a truly treasures – skills.
People study mathematic and art, strategy and warfare from her.
She brings the law and justice.
As this was her main and only destination.
Soon all people proclaim her a bringer of light and hope.
One day Nameless walk near the river.
She listen a songs of the birds, the flow of the stream.
Decide to drink a fresh water.
When she come closer, suddenly a young man came next to her, and offer a help.
A young man call himself an Aerion.
He looked at her and smiles.
His eyes inspire confidence and warm.
They walked all day long…
…he tries to kiss her but she starts to run away from him... scared... of new feeling.
She runs away from him as sun away from moon…
"Stay away from him!"
Voices in her head aching stronger and stronger!
- I pray for stars and I pray to moon, they show me way in darkness.
- Let me go with you I can save you from any abyss!
- I pray for sun and I pray for light, they help me find my destiny.
- But what is your destiny for without feelings?
A Nameless runs away, not looking back, deep into forest.
Suddenly, stairs to heaven opened in front of her.
Rays of light lays on her beautiful face.
Leaving ground she walks, places she loved, and return to the palace she was born.
Gentle and weak – princess of light.
This is you burden, daughter of the sky.
Her heart tells to waiting…
Keep waiting
…and waiting...

