Choose your vision
Choose your vision

[2x]
Pray for the rain to come down to you
Pray for the black earth,
Pray for the floods
Pray for the only source of your life
Pray for your own god to give you the rain

Am I to see ? Am I to see ?
A river of blood coming down again
Will we see it ? Will we see it ? It's our fault and we are to blame

No more black earth to feed on
All of you participated and created it by blindness and ignorance
You'll watch everything built upon lies,
Manipulation won't last for so long
It will end up crashing down sooner or later
For the base is shallow and weak
And that's how it all fall
And will fall down to you
Yet for another golden age

[2x]
So pray for the rain to come down to you
Pray for the black earth,
Pray for the floods
Pray for the only source of your life
Pray for your own god to give you the rain

Am I to see ? Am I to see ?
A river of blood coming down again
Will we see it ? Will we see it ? It's our fault and we are to blame

All chosen by our will
All created from what we've done
Just as we give so we will get
I have seen the light so as I saw the dark
Both aren't the same and it's up for us to choose how to see them
The items in between exist upon earth,
And some say it will lead us to hell

It's up for us to choose what to see, what to feel, and what to believe
We're trapped in the middle of being an animal
And what they call an alien trapped
Are we....humans.

It's up for us to choose which road to take
Rising above the ignorant
Within connecting with my higher self
Going into another dimension of thoughts
Feeling existence
My spiritual alchemy that's when anything I touch turns to gold

Read between my lines and understand
That I am a result if planet earth
What are you see and believe from my words is the result of you understand yourself,
For no one could understand you but you
Read between the lines and understand that I'm a result of you
What you choose for yourself will affect you and others around you
What you choose will change you and everything around you
So choose your vision
Will it lead us to another vision of a blood river ??
So choose your vision
Will it lead us to another vision of a blood river ??
Visions of blood river
Choose your vision choose your vision.

