"Condone first degree murder!  Advocate cannibalism!  Eat shit!"

Pool of Stool
I slipped and fell into a manhole, I discovered I was knee-deep in doo-doo
A wave of turds swept me away, floating away with poop and pee
To a solid waste management plant
Here I sit, with the shit - here I be, with the pee
Pool of Stool
How can anybody stand the smell
A two hundred megaton fart bomb from Hell
Diarrhea and vomit too, I float around in whatever you spew
My nostril hairs are singed from the aroma of human dump
Here I sit, with the shit - here I be, with the pee
Mouthfuls of slop, my tongue starts to swell
In the sewer my body is rashing
Tread logs, tread logs, tread logs, tread logs
The current's too strong, turds, piss, and scum
Are spinning and making me dizzy
Swallowed by turds, awallowed by turds, swallowed by turds, swallowed by turds
AHHHHHHH!!!  Oh fucking no!!!!!

Recorded in the fall of 2000 at Max Trax Studios, Albany, N.Y.
Executive Producer: Matthew R. Jacobson
Produced by S. Webber
Engineering and invaluable input by Bret(t) Portzer
Mixed by Portzer, Webber, Carpenter
Mastered at Max Trax Studios by Paul Benedetti
Published by Release Relapse Records (BMI)

S. Webber - Vocals, additional percussion and noise
Noah Carpenter - Guitars
Bob Beaulac - Drums
Joe Keyser - Bass

Live samples - Akim
Skinless logo by Adamn Lewis, goreified by R.C. Van
Entire album sculpture by Ira Martin
To contact Ira Martin or R.C. Van see www.darkarts.20m.com
iras_darkart or richs  darkart
Studio and band photography: Alicia Zumbuck
Digital manipulation and design: S. Webber
Backing vocals in Tug of War Intestines by Greg Kennedy
Additional musical/lyrical contributions: Ryan Wade and Adam Lewis
Legal representation: Paul Rapp

This record would not be possible without: Bret(t) Portzer, Ted Eroll, Alicia Zumbuck, Contemporary Design, Overit 
Multimedia, Paul Benedetti, Paul Brumley, Akim, Valentines, Jonathan Canady, all at Relapse, Ira Martin, and Richard Van
THANK YOU ALL!!!

For online merchandise information, tour dates, news and more see www.4skinless.com


Thanks to atenarussell for sending track #8 lyrics.


