[Musick: Zamoth/ Destructhor]

The snake and the deers, corroding on the tree of the world. 
It`s your symbol of cosmos, axis-mundi. 
The downfall of the powers, representation unparalleled. 
Catastrophes of nature, battle between gods, social dissolution.

It`s a coming, a second coming. 
Stronghold of the world in ice and cold. 
Time of axe, time of sword, 
a wolf on chase, a world on fire, 
extinguished only when the land is sinking. 
Development back to chaos, it`s your illusion, 
sombody else`s disillusion. 
An alleged opposition between powers

Appearances without masks. 
No one trying to harmonize latent conflicts. 
Origin and creation, explanation of the later development. 
Cosmic model, primordial murder. 
Irreversible time, a different material foundation. 
Time is not returning, the new world will rise once and for all.

Credits:
Recorded &amp; Mixed at Akkerhaugen Lydstudio, July and September 2000
Produced by Thorbjørn Akkerhaugen and Zyklon 
Mastered at Strype Audio, September 2000 by Tom Kvålsvoll and Zyklon

Design by: Johan Hammarman of Neverland (www.neverland.nu)
Band photos by Morten Andersen
Additional know photo credits: Johan Hammarman &amp; Zamoth
Islamic chant sample c Jens O. Haugen
All lyrics by Bård "Faust" Eithun. 
Zamoth contributed with lyrical ideas on "Terrordrome" as well as title-concept on "Worm World" and "Zycloned". 
Album-title by Zamoth. 
Textual explanations by Bård "Faust" Eithun

Trym uses Gibraltar Hardware exclusively

Recording line-up:
Zamoth - Guitar &amp; Bass
Trym - Drums, Percussion &amp; Programming
Destructhor - Lead-guitar &amp; Bass
Additional musicians: 
Daemon - Lead vocals &amp; main vocal arrangement
Trickster G - Clean vocals on "Trancendental War:" &amp; spoken words on "Chaos Deathcult"
T. Akkerhaugen - Genuinely contributed with programming and effect-, keyboard- and bass-arrangements. 
Persephone - Spoken female voice

Daemon appears courtesy of Nocturnal Art Prod.
Trickster G appears courtesy of Jester/ VoW


