Through death it is, that we awaken
From the dream of life
And may death be purpose and solution
Of all woeful strife
Through death we're reborn,
We're empowered to see
Through death it will be,
That our heart will be free

Reborn as the sons of a new dawn
A star of freedom is rising
Above our heads
And voices slowly extinguish
Allowing the sacred chamber to speak

To speak the silent truth
As death is only the change of form
The spiritual eye is opened
To the clear light of the void

A secret unheard
A wisdom unseen
Drowned by voices of madness
Clouded by those without eyes to see
The depths of the ocean of all
Nor essence of spirit
Apart from blindness of mind

Ending the state of contradiction
We walk in silence
Praising the gift from his right hand
We breathe in silence
Accepting the strength of surrender
We pray in silence
Receiving the truth from his left hand
We die in silence

(si quis vult me sequi, deneget semetipsun:
Et toliat crucem suam, et sequitur me)

We have awakened
From the chamber of lightless sleep
From states of division in disguise
Fueled by time and word
We are awake
And the final curtain falls
We are awake
Wide awake
As we're entering his holy halls

What we seek
What we desire
What we believe
What we are
What we become
Shall be solely
His light

I carry the voice of death
Deep within my open heart
And deep within my shining spirit,
Redifining [sic] what I am
Redifining [sic] what we are,
A truth that may become forgotten
But can never be erased by time
Nor word or form

We speak the voice of death
We speak the love of death
We speak the truth of death
Obscured by darkest art

We carry the strength of death
We carry the sign of death
We carry the light of death
Deep within our shining hearts

The pulsing hypnotic rhythm… the waves of echo that draw you further into the void of contemplation… layer upon layer of catastrophe and initiation… a lament for a dying world… there is a suffocating beauty to the atmosphere and summoning within… which feels like standing on the edge of jagged high cliffs with no care for the ground beneath my feet… to close our eyes to the outside world and focus on the teaching in our blood… walking through the flames that tear at the very essence of vision… a meditation on madness and pure faith… I feel the tears flow through my veins but they are not of sadness… but of eternal suffering and the pain of creation…

[Part II – Metaflesh]

