"Man, I am stuffed! Does anyone want this last piece of pizza?"
"I do" "I'll have it" "I called it" (all at once)
I'm sure there's an adult way we can handle this"
"I'll fucking kill you!

Fight to the death for the last slice of pizza
You gotta want it more than him
Fight to the death for the last pizza slice
It's time to make your stand
You gotta punch him in the face
Then he punches you in the face back
Then you punch him in the face once again
And it makes him madder and he punches
You in the face back
And you punch him in the face, yet again
Then you punch each other continuously!

Look at this guy!
He thinks he knows karate!
But he DOESN'T...know karate
You gotta put him in his place with your fist
Or maybe a kick in the dick YEAH!
And maybe stomp his ribs and liver...OH FUCK!
That totally backfired!
Now he's comin' for you
Whatcha gonna do and somethin' other funny thing

It's gone down to the ground like UFC
But it's really pretty damn boring
They're just lying there holding each other
It's technical but not exciting to watch

Punch! Knee strike! Jab!
Kidney punch! Eye gouge!
Wet willy! Elbow drop! Potato chips

And they're up and moving again
Now it's exciting again
What is he gonna do next?
He's gonna play a GUITAR SOLO!

Holy shit! He's got a pointy stick!
He's gonna try to stab you with...
The pointy stick! Don't take that shit!
You gotta form a defense
The only option now left is to hit him with a TRUCK

"Those guys are idiots! Hey Rawb, grab me a beer."
"Mmmm...yeah...This is the last one."

Fight to the death for the last can of beer!
"Hey, we only have one more roll of toilet paper"
For the last toilet paper!
"Who left a dish in the sink!"
Fight to the death...Cause a dish in the sink!
"I'm not getting the mail! It's your turn to get the fucking mail!"
Fight to the death...To see who gets the mail
"Hey you don't get to fight Alex. I'm the only one around here that gets to fight Alex"
Fight to the death...To see who gets to fight ALEX to the DEATH!
Fight to the death!
Fight to the death over various stuff!

