[Intro:]
This is a really lousy world we're leaving for our children and grand children,
They are surrounded by powers from the East to the North, To the West and Us
There's Nuclear Weapons (weapons)
There will be massive retaliation
We will be able to totally obliterate them
The world very well may ? nuclear disaster
This is a possible destruction of the entire planet
For the first time we've given human beings the chance to destroy everything

This is the end of all existence, of this world as we know it,
If we continue to barrel down this path,
Total destruction if we ignore the warnings, Our time is running out,
Finger on the trigger, the final countdown has begun,
Once we pull the lever, we can't erase what has been done,
The merchants of death embrace, a new era of hysteria has been born,
The devastation, millions will perish and all the nations of the earth will mourn,
Haunted by the visions from the lessons of the past what have we learned,
The potential and the willingness of man that creates hell on Earth,
NOW FUCK!
Re-ject the means of destruction, the potential for abuse,
Re-ject, Reject the ideology that supports their use,
Re-ject the means of destruction, the potential for abuse,
Re-ject, Reject the ideology that supports their use,
Because our time is running out,
Again impending disaster is near
Can be prevented if we take a stand (we take a stand)
We face the threat, we face the threat,
But our own hands, but our own hands,
If we forget the past, the price we pay,
with no escape will be the end of the world.

[Voice over:]
-We use nuclear weapons, The genie ain't going back in the bottle, until American cities is taken out by Islamic weapons in retaliation. So tell me, if you want to go to war with Iran. Pick your city, pick your city. Tell me which one you want gone. Seattle? L.A.? Boston? New York!? Miami? Pick one! Because it leaves one result, that's something we should all think about before we march down this path of sanity.

Voices of reason, drowned by insanity,
No prayers will save us, the end of humanity,
THOSE WHO CAN MAKE YOU BELIEVE ABSURDITIES
can make you commit, commit atrocities

[Voice over:]
-"Are you looking forward to Armageddon?" Obviously that's what I live for, really I hope it comes tomorrow ha ha. Really I hope it comes tomorrow. I'm looking forward to Armageddon. I'm looking forward to the cleansing of the Earth.

Time is running, for humanity, time is running, running out,
For the future of this world, Time is running,running out,
Do not say we were not warned
Time is running, running out,
When everything we love will burn, time is running, running out,
And in the fury of the wrath, time is running, running out,
If we continue down this path, time is running, running out,
Day of judgment, running out, time will come, running out,
This is, This is the end
Of all existence, of this world as we know it,
If we continue to barrel down this path,
Now!
Total destruction, if we ignore the warnings,
Our time is running out.
Fuck the World [x3]

Thanks to bradywilliams2008, bscott1291, flowersm92 for sending track #16 lyrics.


