[Tony Kakko]

Once I got caught in an avalanche,
I must have died,
When a Black Swan flew to the rescue and cried
An offer I could not refuse, now I'm working on the other side.

Well, I flew with the bird then, we flew all night
I got to see my prison from a thousand feet high
buy me a drink, and I tell you
'bout the Black Swan

Must keep those black wings folded, until the time is right, to find the one whom I can steal
a soul from, to buy more time
Must keep my secrets untold, until the wrongs are right, the only one I could deceive,
I buy my time; need you to fly on the Black Swan

The date is set, we all must face it
Door to door, seeking salvation
--- I must, for die I wish not
My hopes stay afloat when you give in to the

Silver lining, sharp and so cold
anger fades into a vague smile
--- you see, I'm ready to do it for everyone
I stabbed you in the back, who will save you now...

Don't worry, I've done this before
It'll hurt like hell and leave you sore
No use escaping, hold on to your ticket of gold
and close your eyes...

One day I know you will sell your soul
And trade all you are for silver and gold...
You'll get an odd advice from a stranger
Take it, from me, with love...

Once I was in love with someone like you, Engaged to be whole,
got torn out of your memories, covered in snow...

I need to find a way to pass on the gift I once received
I'm ready to face it...
I'll take my chances, if I am
returning to the deep
dark snow grave, so be it
I-should-not-rest-now...but forever!
I'll feed... - the ferryman's creed.
with an empty promise for my lost soul...

Must keep those black wings folded, until the darkest night
a soul from you to buy me some time

pouring boiling water on a solid frozen flower
Black nailed finger of the creator

I take a bow, thank for this opportunity
But I've given the last ride for all those close to kin

Must keep those black wings folded, until the time is right, to find the one whom I can steal
a soul from, to buy more time
Must keep my secrets untold, until the wrongs are right, the only one I could deceive,
I served my time, need you to fly with the Black Swan

