(Baby) why are you doing this to me?
(Sweetheart) Are those your eyes staring straight back at me?
(Angel) I see your smile everywhere
(Darling, stop)

Night falls and I'm running in circles
I'm being chased by my imagination

Tell me I'm forgiven say you'll always be mine
Say that everything is over, tell me I'm fine
No one deserves to live like this!
Tell me I’m forgiven; say you’ll always be mine.
Say that everything is over; tell me I’m fine...
No one deserves to live like this!

I touch your lips and stare in your eyes
You smile and it makes me fly
You are the reason my heart beats
Tonight it's just you and me

Night as dark as my thoughts sets the scene for my return
Lightning nips at my heels as I race home
Wearily I stagger towards the song of her pale voice
Demons jeer my attempt to be free

Tell me I'm forgiven say you'll always be mine
Say that everything is over, tell me I'm fine
No one deserves to live like this
Tell me I'm forgiven say you'll always be mine
Say that everything is over, tell me I'm fine
No one deserves to live like this

I touch your lips and stare in your eyes
You smile and it makes me fly
You are the reason my heart beats
Tonight it's just you and me

Windows cast her gentle reflection
Her somber silhouette dances for me
Dear God, it's her

Look at you, you miserable fool
Get off your knees, your prayers fall upon deaf ears
God's turned his back on you, Heaven's gates are shut
And now you're knocking on the Devil's door

I've been expecting you for some time, sir
Allow me to introduce myself
I'm the one who pulls on all the strings, son
You're lucky I don't kill you where you stand

(this can't be real)
Tonight I raise my glass
(There’s nothing left)
For I know it's time to move on
(all hope has failed)
My patience will not last,
(I've lost my soul)
Tomorrow I will be gone

"The night sky feels as though it has never been darker.
With the fleeting hope of vengeance compelling me I will attempt to recollect myself and resume my chase.
But what is it that I am chasing?
Am I really chasing anything at all?
Or am I simply drowning myself in revenge to avoid the horrifying truth?
I’ve lost the only thing that made me feel truly alive.
Are my hands responsible? Are his? Who was he? Who was the madman that stood before me tonight?
I swear I’ve seen his face before... I know I’ve seen his face before..."

