May my prediction never be fulfilled...
His body was taken with breath of a wind
There was no witness, no soul to remember
Fall of an Angel in the arms of November

Luminous circles were constantly growing
Painting the sky with new constellations
Kisses of Darkness make You feel howling
As this night’s the time for new coronation

‘’Have You ever realized what makes
Your childhood memories so unforgettable?
That small, mysterious room on the top
Of your house always filled up with
The smell of death…’’

No tears for the losers, not even a thought
Just burn out their eyes and let them to rot
Future is waiting, King is beheaded!!!
Do not make Your life even more complicated

Fear the great fear of all ancient warriors
Cruel unknown, spirit of lost
Enemy is wishing to steal all Your dreams
Give him a key to the world of Your sins

‘’Make him watch what you have been
Witnessed as a poor, helpless child…
Take him there, to that small, mysterious
Room always filled up with the smell of death’’

Bitterness… is that what you feel?
Those near and dear had gone ages ago
Without farewell
All portraits of happiness have been lost
In the mist of its virginity
Nothing remained… All is dead now…
All but you!
Secret guardian of the true liberation

Scream of an Angel who was raped by the God
Sounds in Your heart with every sensation
See all those idiots drowning in mud,
Drowning in mud of their expectations

He has taken a knife and opened his veins
Painting the sky with blood stains
May my predictions never be fulfilled
Another one blackout, another one killed

‘’Unforgettable childhood is slowly going away
That small, mysterious room on the top of the
House lightened up by candlelight is losing its
Sharpness’’
No… It is getting better now! I can see
Everything so clearly, yeah, I recognize…
‘’That was him who has taken all his family’s
Lives, lives of his friends helping him to get out
Of that shit he once got stuck into…’’
Physical blindness or divine prophecy?
He is coming inside, pushing the door gently,
I can see him ironically smiling
But, wait a second…
Why am I seeing him face to face? I came
To that room but in a different dimension!?
‘’Sometimes all the dimensions cross
The same point of infinity…’’

I couldn’t have seen that small, mysterious room
Anymore but I Knew it was filled up with
The smell of death again…

Why am I seeing him face to face? I came
To that room but in a different dimension!?
‘’Sometimes all the dimensions cross
The same point of infinity…’’

I couldn’t have seen that small, mysterious room
Anymore but I Knew it was filled up with
The smell of death again…

