Did you ever fly too high on the wings of hope?
Did you ever realise that time was always on your side?
Did you ever dive too deep into the sea of love?
Did you ever break the bread?
And was the madness only in your head?

And guardian of my soul who carried me when it was cold
And the thoughts that flew so high
Feeling fearless feeling bold

Did you ever fly too high on the wings of hope?
Did you ever realise that the answers stood before your eyes?

And guardian of my soul who carried me when it was cold
(in times when I flew too close to the heart of the sun)
And the thoughts that flew so high
Feeling fearless feeling bold
(at time when I flew too close to the heart)

We had nights of magic in our eyes
Days of thunder rolling by
Feeling like we'd never die

And guardian of my soul who carried me when it was cold
(in times when I flew too close to the heart of the sun)
And the thoughts that flew so high
Feeling fearless feeling bold
(at time when I flew too close to the heart)

And the demons wake while the mannequin sleeps
All the ticking and the tocking of the clock that weeps
And the demons wake while the mannequin sleeps
And I pray the Lord my soul to keep

The wave of lust as always is the thorn that's in your side
The whore of Babylon waiting in a doorway
To mug you and your pride
Judge jury and executioner all laughing in the face of trust
Standing in the dock while the angry faces mock
And strip you of all lust
All your dreams and illusions now shattered
Trampled under foot crawling on the floor in tatters
Sentenced passed and destined
To wear the sackcloth for the evils of the world

Standing over me the good and bad that go unseen
Influence and lull me into false security
A cocktail of spiritual alchemy I take the bait so carelessly
The all seeing lead the blind the deaf and dumb

Careless and boundary free
Picking at the scars of society
Off with his head cried those ill at ease
The sober and the sane

Forgotten by time itself
Washed up too drunk and on the shelf
But a thorn in the side of the civilised world
The elders and the right

So locked alone in a white padded cell
No one can hear you so go ahead and yell
Out of sight and out of mind
You're just one of the army that fell

Who is it?
Who goes there?
But how unwelcomes is wisdom when it brings no profit to the wise
Speaking out in riddles and lashing out with tongues you tell me
The truth lies before my eyes

But who is this enemy unseen?
The face that hides behind the masquerade?
Like the circus marching back into town you tell me
You can't see it in the rain
You can't taste it in the air you breath you tell me
You'll never fly that far away

These dreamers have their ways
On wide wings they fly away

You can't see it in the wind
You can't feel it in the rain
In every beat of your heart
Every word that's spoken in vain

