[feat. guest vocals by Mattie Montgomery of For Today]Through storms and wars take me into a new place,
a world so beautiful,
a city of treasure buried beneath a sky of injustice.

I am here, but I am filled with fear.
Am I ready or am I standing in naivety?
Send me out.
Send me out.

Through storms and wars take me into a new place,
a world so beautiful,
a city of treasure buried beneath a sky of curses.

In the air the smell of death,
the grip of fear was all surrounding.
The oppression all-consuming,
overbearing,
overwhelming.
I am here, but I am filled with fear.
Am I ready or am I standing in naivety?

"But the scriptures tell us that the Lord has not given us a spirit of
fear, but one of power and of love and of a sound mind, that we can go
into the world and that Christ will be our strength and our protection,
and that the sick will be healed and the dead will be raised."

EEEEEEEHHHHHHHYEH

Send me out
Let it be.
Send me out
Let it be.
I am your hands,
God use me.
Send me out, (out)
Let it be. (Let it be.)
I am your hands, (your hands)
GOD USE ME!

A nation on it’s knees will see the power of God released!!!
A nation on it’s face will see salvation in this place!!!

[Song commentary (by guitarist Vasely Sapunov):
"This song was written about the emotions and spiritual experiences that
we went through as a naïve band thrust into ministry in a Third World country
during our time in Mexico [September/October 2008] with our great friends
For Today [tour blogs: part 1 - part 2]. The city and state of ‘Oaxaca’
(pronounced ‘Wah-Hah-Kah’) is where we spent most of our time in Mexico. This was a
life-changing experience for every single person involved and throughout
all of the oppression and darkness that was over that place, our presence and unity in
Christ meant that God took victory because His people showed humility and
hunger for Him and His truth. God’s power was released in a huge way over
this place and I believe that this will increase over time because of the
hearts and the great witness of many of the believers that are situated there. Mattie
from For Today was an obvious choice of guest vocalist for the track as he was
there with us during this time, and it was in the city of Oaxaca that we
actually asked him to be on our next album. It all worked out very organically. I
believe the track carries a special anointing of the Holy Spirit and ties in
well with what I believe was a prophetic annointing on the interlude track ’The
Eye of the Storm Part II’."]

