"Walk with me—
Aril, The Arc's the only thing left to piece this world—this puzzle—this maze
The planet's alive, and if we don't fight, we'll soon meet the end of Everything That Exists

Can you not see what is going on?
All of the people you love are gone
How can you sleep with the sounds of war pulsing outside of your door?
What if the prophecy did come true?
Is it not fate that I'm here with you?
Do you believe that The Arc may hold secrets to unlock all?

Enter the mind—where all the power of The Mourn will soon be brought to life
Your gift is the light and by design
Two proamates together, we will never stand aside
Fothcrah will die

You are the face that is on The Arc
Can you not see it is in your blood?
How does it feel knowing that you are one who was chosen by God?
Will you not fight with me in the war?
The City of Kings has been lost, and for nothing but lust
Oh, I know it will soon be the end of our home"

Stomp the flame of war
Stomp the flame of war
Strike him at the core

...And to the mountains we will fight our way
"Clear a path! This war is on our plates!"
Cast a shadow, then a piercing ray of light
There is no time for rest;
We swore an oath, and shall it be repaid
"It's not chance that our hands met, and if you were to fall I would carry you on my back"
All this hate, all this rage is fueling our attack
Mt. Krell now towers up above us all,
"I ask one favor, it's to kill him if I fall."
And as we ascend, we will take the pressure to the doorway,
"I'll rip his face off, he won't be the same when I am done
If you will help me, I will cut the ties that bind him to me
Now Reflaugh, take this cloak and tell Ik'theves about the kirth."

God, give me the strength to lead;
For my friends don't march just for me
The vial creature that doomed us all shall die alone

We'll find our peace
"I love you, my angel, put your arms around me
This ends today;
We stand here and fight for us all"

But as she moves in, a darkness falls
I drop to my knees, he's slain Aril
I cry out, her body has turned into stone
"I will avenge you my love!"

