I watch as this ink forms the words that I write It flows from the tip of this pen, black with spite As blood runs from deep it swells from inside Anger so pure and hate so divine Gazing through time as if present in mind I awaken each horror to tell me their crimes So eager to haunt me with boasts each in kind This is the tale that began this rhyme

She slithers between the rope and razor
This thing is eating its way from inside Her blackened mind knows she must be delivered On this day one of them must die Her dark shadow is the one that guides her The battle's short and oh so sweet With glazened gaze she acquiesces to the slaughter Of this thing that beats inside so deep

To the house of the Butcher
Into the eyes of the Slayer
Before the alter of the massacre
Lay her. Flay her!

The man behind the mask grins to greet her He is the one with the pitch-black soul With skilled hands he binds her to the cold chair Let the sacrifice begin Like a ritual he begins to spread her Invading her with the tools of his trade Should a daughter be slain for sin's pleasure?
Her first sensation is the kiss of acid pain

Acid fills the darkness
Of the stretched out womb
Burning her flesh
To the bone
Enter the scalpel
The first cut is made
Separate her body
Severed limb from limb

To the house of the Butcher
Into the eyes of the Slayer
Before the alter of the massacre
Lay her. Flay her!

Another day of killing is over
The Butcher slips into the night
A morbid thought I feel taking over
The words come-self defense by proxy
There is a shadow stalking this butcher
Get your scalpels-Let's have some fun!
His first awareness that he's what it's after The cold steel of the barrel of the gun

Acid fills his mouth
Silent screams cannot be heard
The machete draws first blood
In this irony absurd
The blade thirsts for more
Limbs are hacked and hewn
I sicken at such gore
But then I am not like you

The slaughter of the Butcher
Deliverance of ten thousand
An end of the massacre
Preyed him. Slayed him!

The slaughter of the Butcher
Is this of Dark Design?
Is this what God has in mind?
Such a small price to pay!

