[music\lyrics - Schaffer]

The time is close now, the end is near
My walk through the valley, trails of fear
I feel empty, my penance overdue,
I guess it's too late now to be with you
I'm extremely frightened of what will surely be
I sold myself, the death of me
I know you can't forgive me I know I'm on my own,
I've betrayed you I walk alone

What exactly is the meaning of this
Just pawns in your twisted game
Severe pain for the lie I'm livin'
For a love I never could betray

[Bridge]
Question me not say the lord unto thee
You have chosen your own fate and your own destiny
Denied of this life is what you are to be
You have chosen your own fate and your own destiny

Lord I pound my fists at you
Won't you just let me die
Would I not suffer enough
No inner peace no after life

[Repeat Bridge]

I did what I thought was right
All for the love of my life
I know it's sad but true
Something is very wrong
Condemned to suffer so long
For a love so true

The question that lies within
Is so hard to understand
It still tears at me
And in my dying breath
My heart holds no regrets
I wouldn't change a thing

My spirit begins to rise to the heavenly skies
Just to be shunned away by you
Now all I want is to die, no streets of gold in the sky
And I wash my hands of you

[Bridge]
Rising to the heaven's light
Just to plead for death
Just to be denied

Rising to the heaven's light
Just to plead for death
Just to be denied

Ooohhh, I know you can't forgive me
I know I'm on my own
I know that I've betrayed you
You know I walk alone
You know I walk alone

I walk, I walk the trail of fear
I pound my fists at you
I'm shunned away by you
I wash my hands of you

Why won't you let me die
Why won't you let me die
Why won't you let me die

Iced Earth continues to mature and evolve with their fourth release.
"The Dark Saga" is a concept album based on the popular Spawn comic book
series.It tells the story of a man who sells his soul in order to return to
his true love on Earth. But he soon discovers that she is married to his own
best friend. He is left completely alone in the world, and although he has
good inside, he is influenced by dark forces. Everything that he desires is
denied, even his own death. Fans of earlier Iced Earth albums might notice
the change in the musical style to fit with this dark love story. The focus
is less on technical musicianship (although the playing is still as
impeccable as ever), and more on creating a complete story through sound and
words. Thus, the music is generally more dark, emotional, melodic, and
simple than other Iced Earth albums. This is not to say that the songs are
uninteresting; to the contrary, some of the most amazing Iced Earth songs
appear on this album. The crushing heaviness and power remains, but it is
entwined with beauty and grace, creating Iced Earth's most thoughtful and
emotional work to date.

The Dark Saga
(1996, Century Media)
Jon Schaffer - Rhythm Guitar, Vocals
Matthew Barlow - Lead Vocals
Randall Shawver - Lead Guitar
Dave Abell - Bass Guitar
Mark Prator - Drums

Produced by Jim Morris and Jon Schaffer

Thanks to dawnoffallenangels for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to Megadeth832002 for correcting track #10 lyrics.


