Wickered wishes hold the flames at bay;
No water for the martyr? Oh, what a shame...
Progress is a litter of delays,
Serendipitously... arranged.
Watch embers wither into grey,
And the filament fade…
Oh, and the filament fade…

It is the cause from causing choruses
To erupt in front of stages in the dark.
It is the cure between the words and what we thought we heard as such;
Cleverness, and sleight of tongue…

Ordinarily, we’d find a better fit,
And organize the messages’ intent
With words and scenes – insinuations –
Emotional manipulation, throughout.
For no good reason, I’d deceive you all,
Just to get the point across…

And I have been a hypocrite,
And I am certain I have lied!
And I have been to nothingness,
And barely bothered to survive!
I laughed when your levee broke, too;
shed tears when nobody rose to say:
‘It’s just a ride!’

Wearing the weight of the words we never spoke of,
Turning the weathered sign to read their bones.
The trap that was set was flawed, at best.
The trap that was set was flawed –
Programmed to make ghosts of all of us.

Oh, Time –
gathering us with open arms
To feed these hungry birds of war!
Splitting the line between two sides;
But I am neither one!

Usher the wind, blown into silos; dead.
Treated like cattle, we’ll listen for what’s next.
Secretly, we’ll take its pulse, dropping from the eaves;
Tourniquet the pace as the rhythm bleeds…

Oh, Time –
Flattering us to see ourselves
As something more than we define.
Where does it leave us when we crawl?
It’s not any skin of mine!

Only locked in these days, as our wonder dissipates;
How did we wait so long to call out!?

Hello…?
Don’t you know we know you know…?
Don’t you know…!?

You were brave, with a free-talking mind,
And a voice that is still a-cry for life!
And no matter what we want, we want to be loved!
Yes, we were here – we were afraid!
We paid them for the right to commit our own ego’s suicide.

But I believe it’s just a ride…!'


Thanks to micahm1c4h for sending track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to ruption1012 for correcting track #8 lyrics.


