[November 1991]
[Lyrics by  T. Denlinger, narrative by Jeff King, Music by C. Turner, R. Feltman, M. Anthony, T. Denlinger]

[This song is dedicated to Tom's grandfather, Milton E. Denlinger, who died January 4, 1991. He was 82 years old when he died, and he lived his life for the glory of God.
This song was envisioned as Tom studied the scriptures and took hold of the promises God gives us about death. Without Jesus, you will stand before the Throne condemned and He will utter those dreaded words to you:
"Depart from Me, I never knew you." If you know Jesus as your Savior, you will experience this song someday. Praise Him!
Enjoy!]

[The “story” parts are neither sung nor spoken during the song.]

Years of walking, the images flood corners of my mind
Spiraling upward through the murky haze, my escorts sped me toward the beckoning light
White light dancing
We laugh as darkness runs and hides
My heart pounding and my body tenses with fear, we passed over the threshold of life and death
Those gone before us wait (1 Thessalonians 4:13-15)
Angelic multitudes lift voiced praise (Luke 15:10/ Revelation 19:6-7)
As earthly scales fall off my eyes (1 Corinthians 13:12)
Soaring into a great expanse of pure white light, I felt the glory of Heaven rush over me like a mighty wave.
All my fears and doubts were swept away, enveloped in unspeakable joy, and I drank deeply from the river of life.
Fear is gone now (1 John 4:18, Romans 8:15)
Freedom like I never knew before (2 Corinthians 3:17/ 5:2-4)
Fear is gone now, freedom like I never knew
Never knew before
As my eyes adjusted to the light, dazzling shapes and contours gradually became clearer.
What I saw astounded me . . . a world of crystal and light.
Angels flew overhead as thunder and lightning blazed across the emerald sky.
Radiant light emanated from an unseen source, and every object seemed to glow with His glory.
Before me a great sea shone like liquid diamonds.
Vivid colors danced on its mirrored surface and I stood in awe of its splendor. As I looked on with amazement, a mighty voice called my name.
Turning around . . . I shuttered to find myself standing before the mighty throne of God, alone.
Its immensity will steal your breath away. Towering into the vast heavenly sky, its enormous height is beyond all human comparison. Glistening like thousands of sparkling ice crystals, it casts out beams of multicolored light as the glory of God shines through it. So fearsome is He who sits on the throne that the earth and sky flee from His presence.
Dwelling in the unapproachable light of His glory, He reigns over all of the universe, the sovereign master of all rulers and kings.
I cowered before Him, a minute speck, yet the center of all His attention.
I could not hide.
Standing alone, there is no one to answer for you (2 Corinthians 5:10)
Sins stains your life (Isaiah 64:6)
What will you do now?
My mind racing, I struggled to think of something . . . anything I could have done to prove myself worthy.
But all my acts of righteousness were like nothing but filthy rags.
Father, my life seems so dirty (Zechariah 3: 3-4)
Have mercy on me! (Psalm 57:1)
Christ's blood is all that has bought me (Revelation 5:9)
Have mercy on me!
But very slowly, God stretched out His hand toward my trembling body and gently lifted my chin.
I felt the intensity of His compassionate touch, and with indescribable tenderness in His voice, He spoke to me . . .
I knew you before I formed you (Jeremiah 1:5)
I touched your small body (Psalm 139:13-16)
I breathed your first breath (Genesis 2:7)
I knew all your dreams (Romans 8:26-27)
. . . He knows you, He cares for you, it doesn't matter what you've done.
I saw life through your eyes (Psalm 34:15)
I felt your hurt (Matthew 5:4)
I felt your pain (Matthew 5:11)
I understood every thought (1 Chronicles 28: 9)
I felt your pain (1 Peter 3:14)
All Jesus did was offer us genuine love, and we nailed Him to a cross.
The "good" people of His time thought that he was a danger to society, a radical. They showed Him hatred without even giving Him a chance.
They just didn't understand what He was about.
He wants to set you free from your pain, not burden you down with more.
I knew you before I formed you, and I touched your small body
I breathed your first breath, and I knew all your dreams
I saw life through your eyes, and I felt your hurt, I felt your hurt
I understood every thought, and I felt your pain, I felt your pain
God gently lifted me up and stood me to my feet.
In His hand He held a brilliant white robe, which He placed over my head.
As the robe enfolded over me an intense heat swept through my body, burning away my mortality and leaving me standing pure and holy.
As God stepped back onto the throne,
He gazed at me with a look of total acceptance.
I wanted to run and hide from
His majestic presence, but I remembered the forgiveness and mercy He had given to me as His child . . . His incredible love for me.
As I stood confidently before God, angelic choirs rejoiced and sang praises to the Holy Lamb, welcoming me into His kingdom.
Their voices reached a deafening crescendo as God abruptly rose from His throne and stretched His arms out across the Heavens.
You have overcome the world (1 John 5: 4-5)
And now you're dressed in white (Revelation 3: 4-5)
Never will I blot out your name
From the book of life

Come now, my blessed one (Revelation 22:14)
My kingdom is yours (Luke 22: 28-30)
Taste and see! (Psalm 34: 8)
Never will you know pain again (Revelation 21: 3-4)
For all eternity

