[1. Drowning The Light]
[Demeter seeks for answers when she realizes Core has disappeared.]

[2. The Reaction]
[Hate, rage and anger blind Demeter. Wounded by this feelings, she threatens to unleash her power. She won't stop until Core gets back to her side and Hades, Lord of the Underworld, is punished for what he's done.]

World will fall into perpetual darkness
Dawn will be no more
Frost will cover the face of the earth
And the everlasting winter will freeze their hearts

The creation sons will pay one by one
They'll all come to you when I'm done
For no sin is left unjudged
Their suffering will be unleashed

Rage - Rage consumes my flesh like a worm
Fire - No fire will keep you warm
Crawl - You'll crawl under my feet
Starvation

Rip my heart out, rip my life out
Rip my eyes for I'll never see her again
I've cried a river of pain, no more tears I can shed
Lord of the Underworld, beg...

Pain Hate - I hate you
Horror Disgrace
Despair Madness - I despise you
Agony Desperation

[3. Goddess Wrath]

[4. Mother's Memories]
[As days go by, hate becomes desperation; anger gives way to anguish and rage to sadness. Memories pile in her mother's heart and tears grow big in her goddess heart, drowning her hopes.]

[The Light's Theme]

In her sad face signs of suffering are drawn
Caused by tears she shed for so many nights
Where darkness was the only companion
That fulfilled the emptiness of Core

I can feel her essence in the air
Her face still reflects on every river
I can still see her moving like leaves on a tree
I think I still can...

I miss her gleaming morning smile
I wish she were here to comfort my soul
The innocence of her mind
The fragile innocence as the butterfly wings

I pray for nightmares to end
Core, light that surrounds me
Let there be light again
Let the scars stop bleeding

As days and nights go by she tries to find comfort in her loneliness
Buried in the abyss of her own desperation
She wonders if this will last forever
For to get back to the Light forever she would cry

[5. The Light Punishes The Earth]
[All living beings suffer the consequences. The earth won't give its fruits anymore, rivers will lay as veins with no blood and rain will be like dust over dead fields. Her uncontrolled power affects all known places and her screaming resounds all around.]

Night falls, horror stabs the living
With furious anger harvests are drowned
Like death seeding the seeds of pain
Drying the open land, wiping out any sign of life

Clouds will cross the skies more than a thousand times
Before men can see their land thrive again

And a thousand thunders will sound,
And a thousand thunders will explode...

No longer hears the crying of desperate souls
No longer sees the horror in their faces
Only sees deathly souls crawling like a serpent
Famine strikes

Clouds will cross the skies more than a thousand times
Before men can see their land bloom again

[6. Exile]
[Too many questions, no answers, Demeter abandons the research and herself in an exile beyond heaven's eyes and beyond earth's sight. Solitude builds walls around her; maybe this is the only way.]

...and a thousand thunders will explode

After nine days searching for her
She ran away looking for shelter
Found her place in an unknown land
In a far away kingdom of the sand

Peace of mind is hard to find
She found a way out of her suffering
Just when about to let it all go
Uncertainty made her feel alone

[7. The Message From The Father Of Gods]
[Zeus sends a message to Demeter in a desperate attempt to stop her rage, make her forget Core and bring her back to the Olympus.]

Signs came in mysterious ways
Whispers from the wind - forget all about it
Clouds in the sky showed the way - fall into oblivion
Rain fell hard...it could be heard - forgive

[Father Of Gods' Theme]

[Solo Carlos]

Your thoughts are destroying you
The earth suffers the consequences of your acts
Abandon this mad crusade you've get into
And return to the place you belong to

Her feelings for him have changed with time
The lord of the underworld conquered her heart
Rumours say that she is not coming back
She doesn't want to come back

[8. Denial]
[The truth in Zeus' words destroys all Demeter's hopes, but her heart does not want to believe.]

No - I don't want to believe the words you tell
Lies - You only lie to blind my wounded heart
No I won't
I won't be fooled by your words
You won't poison my thoughts
I hold the truth in my mind
I'm lead by my soul to Core

The Lord of the skies, Father of gods
Got back to his throne denied by the Light
His aura vanished like the mist and a figure appeared
The wind rider

[9. Hermes arrival]
[Hermes, Zeus' messenger, carries the news to Demeter, brings answers about Core, a pact.]

Hear the words I bring to you
From the underworld I've come
She will be released, brought back to you
Though you'll have to learn to share time

Time is something I've already lost

[Solo Miguel]
[Solo Jordi]

[10. Core's Transgression]
[The moment when Core and Demeter meet again has finally arrived, although the words carried by Hermes made Demeter doubt. Who was that figure calling her "mother"? What was left of her daughter behind those eyes?]

Your light breaks the night with every step you take
Tears were not shed in vain
Nothing will tear us apart again
But there's something in your eyes, something evil...

His poison
No!
I was tempted
You were strong
No I wasn't
Ah!
You can't understand it
I don't want to

But here I am...your daughter, Persefone

[Solo Carlos - Miguel]

[11. Consequences]
[Nothing will ever be the same, Demeter accepts the pact and with every step that Persephone takes to her mother, Core disappears.]

Half the year away, half the year with me
As it always was it will be no more
I don't recognize you as my blood
I can feel his presence in your eyes

