[1. Held Captive]
[Core is held against her will and cries to get back to Demeter. Suffers in silence and loses hope in being freed again.]

[Persephone's Theme]

Dark and grey the day has turned
Time is passing
My heart's crying a tear for the sun
I can't reach

The soft whistle of the air...
The leaf that I inspired to pretend to be
The ground of the Fall
Reminds of a whole

The muse that fell to the deep
The muse is lying cursed

The cold on her hands
The dust on her wings
A widow of her own old life
A victim of god's desires
The child that a light brought
A ray of hope to the world

Buried in life between walls I can't see...
They are cold but I can't touch them
No day, no night, but days are passing
I know...
I feel all alone, 'cause my mother's gone

The cold on her hands
The dust on her wings
A widow of her own old life
A victim of god's desires
The child that a light brought
A ray of hope to the world...

[2. Memories]
[Core finds comfort in the old days, where she was free. She has lost strength and these memories are hard to be brought back. Everything seems to bring her back to darkness.]

Cloudy is my mind
'Sieged my images with no sense
Shadow-broken memories
Are broken like my soul

I see The Light far in my dreams
I run to her seeking comfort
But a great dark blanket
Steps between my light and me

Mother, I feel you, but I can't see you
I've learned to hate this place, and slowly in me I die

I try to smile, but it's a bitter one
I wish to get back to my beloved fields
Wasted and devastated now are
I want to escape this agonic dream, escape...escape!

Trapped and lost, in this world
I can only give away my heart and condemn my soul

[3. Betraying Herself]
[Core loses all confidence and falls into temptation. Shadows are the only company she has surrounded by dark walls.]

Sickness, obscurity
Punishments that happen around me
I can't distinguish what is right
Which path leads the way?

Slowly he tries to conquer my heart
What's wrong in all this, what will be my sentence?
He represents all that I am not
There's no use for all that I've learned

I'm blinded by his presence
His endeavours frighten me curiosity burns in me

The cold on my hands
The dust on my wings
A widow of my own old life
A victim of god's desires
The child that a light brought
A ray of hope to the world

[4. A Pure Heart Succumbs]
[After having fallen for her despair, she loses the ability to choose between good and evil, between light and darkness.]

[Solo Carlos]

They spent days in the darkness
And the innocent eyes of the muse blackened,
losing that expression
And the factions in her face showed indifference and hate
She had started to enjoy the company of her Lord

[Solo Miguel]
[Solo Jordi]
[Solo Carlos]
[Solo Jordi]
[Solo Carlos - Miguel]

[5. Transition To Persephone]
[All is lost; she has succumbed to her now beloved captor. She becomes all she ever feared to be. Doubts are still in her mind, although they have betrayed her.]

Too much time she has been in the shadows
Days are prisons in time
Consumed day after day
A new being is born

I can't feel passion for things anymore
Although I know it's inside of me
I feel no sorrow, I feel no remorse
For the condemned that roam in this moor

Her head was empty of past feelings
Her eyes reflected neither passion nor sweetness
And her soul was ready
To roam the moor of desperation

I seek answers to the questions I don't know
He has them all in his poisonous lips
That tightens me with the strength of the oceans
And takes me far from the truth

[Solo Jean-Do Leonelli]

I fight the hunger that weakens me
I cannot reason anymore
Everything is blurred and grey
Everything is the nothing that lives
in every moment of my soul

[6. The End]
[And as the story comes to the end we find that the young and innocent Core had started to have doubts in her mind. The truth was well beyond comprehension, but she knew she would starve to death in a world that somehow had begun to build a feeling inside her. She was no longer a stranger in the Underworld, and was ready to make the final step. Although she knew her mother was in pain, the influence of the dark lands had started to make her forget, forget. By the ninth day she crossed the line that would tie her to darkness for all time, for she had bitten the forbidden fruit of the Underworld, only permitted to the condemned...the beginning of a new age had arrived, where she'd be praised for all time...]
[Meanwhile, the Light had been struggling to make Core come back to her side. After days and days of punishing the earth by starvation, the Father of gods had sent a message to the Lord of the Underworld to settle a commitment where both could have the company of young Core. Unknown to her, they both had decided that Core would spend half the year within the Light and the other half within darkness, but although this pact seemed to satisfy them all, it was unbeknownst to them that Core was no longer a young and innocent child, something had changed inside her, forever...]

[7. Epilogue]
[They finally meet, Demeter and Persephone. For six months she'll be with her mother and the other half of the year she'll spend it with her Lord, the Lord of the Underworld.]

And from the abyss of my desperate soul
I see her coming from the dark lands
Despair surrounds all that's in me
After so much suffering the end is near

The closer she gets
I see the darkness that has grown on her
Her eyes no longer show the youth from days past
They reveal a feeling that I've never seen...but I know

And from the abyss of my soul
I lead my way to the Light
The shape of despair that surrounds her
Shows how the suffering embraces her

The rain on the dark land is deafening
The moment that so many times I saw in my mind
Is falling apart

I'm your daughter, Persephone

No!




