Dreamer, are you listening?
All of your children sit and wonder,
"Where have you been?"

We came here for the sound
To overcome the shaking ground beneath my feet.
Buried under the soil to expand.
Rebuild the monument lost in sand.
Restore the balance to the land.

"To those of you desperately searching for the end,
You'll search forever in the dark.
To those of you eager to begin again,
Your eager eyes won't tell life and death apart."

It's time to wake up.

Dreamer, you're not listening,
All of your children wane and wander.
Where have you been?

We want the cure to everything we can't afford.
This life is not enough for us. We want eternity and more.

To play God in a metaphor.

"Oh, you restless ungrateful,
When will you learn?
You manifest the construct.
You only borrow what you earn.

The temple that you seek, it isn't mine
(Then let it burn, we'll cast our stones aside)
I've given you the tools of grand design.
(Overgrown thoughts of our demise)
The nature of the gift is astringent.
(Trading faiths, empire's remorse)
The complex of ascent is contingent.
(Ends of time, redesign recourse)

But this world that you've created deals in murder and deceit.
Where profit margins far outweigh the death toll of defeat.
And your leaders have abandoned every shred of moral code,
The reflexatory impulse of a planet growing cold.
So if life is an illusion,
And death is just a door,
Then we must come to the conclusion
That we don't know what's in store.
And that answer begs the question
"Well, what is it you believe?"
But existence is subjective, you only know what you receive.
I will write this down on paper so that I can sound it out.
Document a conscious function we can't afford to go without.
If feeling is believing you cannot hold it with your fists.
But if you need to know the answers, then let me ask you this.

"When you pass away
Will you leave behind your mistakes?
Will you move onto unconscious bliss,
Or dissipate in the abyss,
Based on decisions that you made?"

Well I know you won't find me there.

We've shaped the earth., our brothers come to call.

Trace your roots, strengthen your resolve.

Where is our resolve?

