Winds rising, Waves Crashing, 
Amergin's eyes fixed on the shore!
Sons of The Gael At Inver Slane,
Return to Revenge the death of Ith
Sent forth by Mileds Sons 
If you can not claim the land!
Then your kin will follow and take it
As their own!

The Ships came the Tuatha ran to the shore,
Casting ancient spells to subdue them.
The Gael hindered by their enchantments
Finally they landed at Inver Sceine.
They Marched to Slieve Mis, Eibhline and to Uisneach 
They were met by Three Queens,
Amergin spoke to them Fodhla, Banba and Eriu!

To the realm of Teamhair the Gael did journey,
A great quarrel was among Cermaits Sons,
Even with a house so full of riches,
Food and wealth as far as the eye could see.
The Gael were puzzled and confused at their rage,
And Among the sons Amergin rose proclaiming:
GIVE UP THE KINGSHIP OR FACE BATTLE!
The Sons refused to battle then but 
Said make us an offer fair.
Amergin told his men to go
Nine waves from the shore! 

Rising waves crash at the ships
The wind blasting at the fray
Hail to Amergin Hail to him
Hail to Amergin The Druid Of the Gael

Dark clouds gathering above
A wind unnatural amassing
Hail to Amergin Hail to him
Hail to Amergin The Druid Of the Gael

The Gael had left in their ships
The Men of Dea arrived, 
Casting a Great Wind it scathered them all,
Against the waves under a blackened sky.
Amergin knew something was afoot.
Arranan knew this aswell.
He died with his ship against the rocks,
This wind unnatural untamed and wild.

Donn and Twenty-four did drown in the sea.
Ir's body was thrown and cast to the shore,
His enemies were in dread of his name.
Heremon at Inver Colpa of the Sword
Five of Mileds Sons, Tossed by the wind,
And Devoured by the Great Sea.

Heber Heremon and Amergin, 
Were left to lay claim of Eire,
Donn who was swept into the sea. 
He called out to treachery
"There is none here!" Amergin said, 
And he called to the great wind.
That whom is tossing in the sea may he reach land.
That in its mountains, valleys forests and rivers,
And great waters that he may find a place,
A king of our own and a place for our kin.
The wind grew silent and law calm.

I am the force in the wind
I am the strong waves of the sea
I am the horns of the bull
I am the eagle wings spread
I am the blazing sun
I am a oak in the wood
I am a boar from the hunt
I am a salmon in the water
I am a lake deep and endless
I am the word of knowledge
I am the sword and spear in battle
I am the one who puts fire in its head

Who spreads light in the gathering on the hills?
Who can tell the ages of the moon?
Who can tell the place where the sun rests?

