Thinking about yesterday
And how my life used to be
Now I'm locked inside this place
I'm a schizophrenic case
All the faces I now see
Never show a sign of glee
Every night we start to bustle
It's time to do the Thorazine shuffle
It's the Thorazine shuffle

Everyday half past four
They push my food through the door
Every night right at eight
They put me back into my straight
All the paintings I have made
They look kind of strange
Every night we start to hustle
It's time to do the Thorazine shuffle
It's the Thorazine shuffle

(c) 1989 Atlantic

Savatage is :
Jon Oliva - Vocals &amp; Pinao
Criss Oliva - Guitars
Steve 'Doc' Wacholz - Cymbals &amp; Drums
Johnny Lee Middleton - Bass
Christopher Caffery - Guitars &amp; Keys

Produced by Paul O'Neill
Engineered by James A. Ball
Additional Engineering : Joe Henehan
Assistang engineers : Teddy Trewella, Deek Venarchick,
Jay DeVito &amp; Dave Parla
Mastering : Jack Skinner / EuropaDisc, NYC
Cover art : Gary Smith
Studio technician : Dan Campbell
Photography : Dennis Osborne
Gutter Ballet was recorded and mixed at Record Plant Studios, NYC Feb. - July
Ì89

Background shouts &amp; laughs : Timmy and the Groundskeepers, John 'Studman'
Dittmar, Stephen 'Daagmaster' Daggett, Jerry ÌBaaaaaaaad Dealin' Van Deilen,
Dan 'Scrambles' Campbell, and us.
The Unholy Monks : Tim Lacy, Joe Henehan, Dave, Pauly, and us.

Additional Keyboard - Bob Kinkel
Management representation : Jon Goldwater for Crash Management, NYC
Booking agency representation : Frontier Booking International, NYC
Merchandising : Winterland Productions, San Francisco

Fan club : send self-addressed stamped envelope or international mail coupon to :
The Savatage Legion
Sava Bow 746
Palm Harbor
FL 34682 USADR

Killdrums operates exclusively on Falicon Drums and Custom Drum Holding
Systems, Zildjian Cymbals, Silver Fox Sticks, DW Pedals and hot hands gloves.
Savatage plays Suncoast and Charvel Guitars.

All songs written by Jon Oliva, Criss Oliva and Paul O'Neill except Silk and
Steel by Criss Oliva and Paul Silver.
All songs (c) 1990 EMI April Music Inc./ Metal Membrane Music ASCAP. / Paul
O'Neill.
All rights for Metal Membrane Music controlled and administered by EMI April
Music Inc. All Right Reserved. Used by Permission.

Thanks to marbus-enklaar for sending track #8 lyrics.


