[S. Laird / K. Bachman / J. Daub / J. Winters]

[INTRO: THE BIRTH]

[MOVEMENT I: THE LIE]

The fruit from the tree was so pleasing to my eye
The serpent said that I would not die

The serpent shall be cursed, he will crawl about and eat dust
I will put enmity between the woman and you
Man will crush your head, you will strike his heel

The wisdom of the world will be mine if I eat
What can it hurt if I take it and eat?

I will greatly increase the woman's pain
When bearing children all of your days
You will desire man, he will rule over you

Take some, man, gain wisdom, too
Eat from the tree, it's what you must do

The land will be cursed because of man
Producing thorns to make him bleed
By your sweat you will live until death
Dust you are and to dust you will return

[Genesis 3:1]

[MOVEMENT II: THE TRUTH]

(Then Jesus was lead by the Spirit into
the desert to be tempted by the Devil.
After fasting 40 days and 40 nights, he
was hungry. The Tempter came to him
and said...)

If you're the son of God
Tell these stones to become bread

Man does not live on bread
But by words from the mouth of God

If you're the son of God
Throw yourself to the ground, God will save you

But is written
Do not put your God to the test

All the world I give you
If you bow and worship me

Leave me now and worship
The Lord your God, serve Him only

When Satan left him there
The angels came to him
Temptation lost

[Matthew 4:1-11]

[MOVEMENT III: THE KEY]

Evil scheming, wicked violence
And such is the end of all with ill gotten gain

Hatred, rejection, mocking others
This takes the lives of those with ill gotten gain

Do not walk on paths of the wicked
They are the darkness and they don't understand

The path of the righteous first dawns, gleaming
Shining brighter 'till the full light of day

Do not offer body to sin
Offer yourselves to God as those brought to life

Therefore put on the armor of God
So when that day of evil comes, you can stand your ground

[Pr. 1:19, 4:14-19; Ro. 6:13; Ep. 6:13-14]




