A stirring sound Screams from within Terror grips my gaze Where have I been? Wiping sleep from my eyes A fading presence Where have you gone?
 A room in disrepair Frozen in silence She lies motionless Blood stained sheets and lives Throbbing pain A growing fear Between gasps of hope I pray the end Darkness descends A shadow within 
How did we get here? 
What’s left to live for? Pushing on to survive 
Incomplete, all is lost She awakes, dead alive
 Lift my head Find my strength The air is heavy Thick with fear Gripping cursed flesh As Death lingers Do not waste your tears
Cold, dead eyes

Vacuous, I am 
Spiraling groveling Succumbing to the void Here and now make my stand

It’s all coming into focus. As clear as death can be, fear lives on. They livethrough fear, for death is neither the end nor the beginning. My mind is attuned. Ifeel her presence again—a weightless existence. I know what I must do. I know... 

They walk among us Breathless, bruised, and battered 
Soulless, torn, and tattered We live in shadows Never safe from ourselves They walk among us  Embrace the end times? Are we forsaken?

Be quiet now, do not make a sound. I can feel her approaching with a deathly moan. My senses are failing, my nerves fraying. There she stands with a blank staredevoid of emotion and perception. She is soulless, yet still beautiful. Can she feel anything? Does she suffer?I must release her.
My blood runs cold. Breath is shallow. I’ve lost so much. Death rules the day. 

Silence shatters meaning, nothing’s left, my love is gone 
Taken by the darkness, hope is fading in my eyes We live in the shadows And die by the gallows
Fueled by our sorrows No hope for tomorrow She left without warning, unforgiving, heartless creatures 
Loathing this existence in the distance between life and death 
Tearing at my being, senseless evil, burn it down I know what I must do, end the suffering and take her life
 She’s at peace No going back A love once lost A life transformed Death rules the day
Death rules the day

