Never safe from a tormented heart.
Battered by the crushing waves.

To All-Father, I pledge my sword of war.
To thee, I have sworn to slay all that be.
I will slay all that will be.

On a voyage to outlands, glory beyond the waves.
With hammers high we'll blast and hail the North.
Leaving homeward shores behind.
To horizons abound, our sails filled with Northern breeze.

On longships we will cut across the sea.
Never fearing death or the power of storms.
Granted safe passage by the blessings of Njord:
"No harm shall find you on your voyage across my seas".

Lands divide beneath the ocean's tide.
To reveal a fate much like my own...

Dragons of the North will cross the sea.
Upon oak and winds we ride.
Distant lands now in sight.
Mountain tops, forests of green.

Day and night, unknown perils fly.
Silent is a North man's calm.
To horizons abound. Our faith is solid and true.

"I will carry you to great wealth and fame,"
Promised great bounty by the blessings of Njord.
"Vast wealth awaits you in the land across my seas."

Wind fills the sail, oars pound the water.
Under sun and rain's flight, glory and fame.
A rewarding horizon, time will proclaim.

Lands divide beneath the ocean's tide.
To reveal a fate much like my own...
Lands divide beneath the ocean's tide.
To reveal a fate much like my own...

To All-Father, I pledged my sword of war.
To thee, I had sworn to slay all that be.
I will slay all that will be.

To claim promised glory.
Bring these shores misery.
Hammers high we blast and hail the North.
To honor the warlord's sign.
On land with the tide, terror beyond the sea.

Tom Sturniolo ‒ Vocals (harsh), Vocals (backing), Ocarina on "Farewell to the Fallen" and "Triumph of Sword and Shield"
Derik Smith ‒ Guitars, Vocals (clean)
Ryan Mininger ‒ Guitars, Keyboards
Ben McGeorge ‒ Bass
Jayson Cessna ‒ Drums, Percussion on "Farewell to the Fallen", Guitars (additional acoustic) on "Farewell to the Fallen" and "Of Legends and Lore"


