[Japanese bonustrack]

Lurking Among Us Hidden in Obscurity,
Descended from the Dawn of the Ages,
The Children of Yig And Set,
Serpent Volk.
Whose Civilaztions were Ancient,
Long Dead And Forgotten
Before The Eldest Pyramids were Built.
Man Was Not the First
To Walk Upright Upon the Earth.

Cruel, Pitiless, of a Cunning Mind.
Unwilling to Relinguish Dominion of the Earth.
They Are Cold, Knowing No Remorse.
They hath Made UnWitted Slaves of a Blinded Humanity.

They walk amongst us Unseen,
Possessing Empty Human Shells.
Consumed by a Reptile Mind,
Reveling in Sodomy and Rape
And Unspeakable Horrors Exacted Nightly Through
Astral Dreamscape Manipulation.

They Feed on Human Suffering.
They crave the Despairing of Man.
They Prey upon Those who are weak,
The Young whose minds are Innocent,
And those grown Weary and Exhausted
In a Decadent Civilization.

Cruel, Pitiless, of a Cunning Mind.
Unwilling to Relinguish Dominion of the Earth.
They Are Cold, Knowing No Remorse.
They hath Made UnWitted Slaves of a Blinded Humanity.

Seemingly Lost in Meditation,
Their Cold Eyes
Stare Sightlessly into Nothingness.
But they are not there.
Nay, they hath Left their slithering forms,
Lurking, Skulking, Crawling on the Astral Plane,
Stealthily Defiling Forever the unwary minds
Of those who Sleep Unguarded.
Committing Perverse Acts of Torment,
Violent Sexual Atrocities
Of Which None Dare Speak,
Once they Have Been Awakened.

And thus they keep us Ever Subjugated,
Hopeless, Fearful
And despairing in the Deep Hidden Abysses of our Souls.
Helpless, Unable to Escape the Unending Quiet Desperation.
We have Been Broken down
Conditioned to Accept Unconscious Slavery.

[Guitar solo]

SSS Haa Set Yoth.
[Repeat 8x]

Nile - Annihilation of the Wicked
2005, Relapse Records
Total playing time: 52:00
With "SSS Haa Set Yoth": 57:15.

NILE are:
Karl Sanders - guitars, vocals, baglama saz, keyboards.
Dallas Toler-Wade - guitars, vocals.
Jon Vesano - bass, vocals.
George Kollias - drums.

Guest musician:
Mike Breazeale - Exorcism chants and Pazuzu bowl on
"Chapter of Obeisance Before Giving Breath to the Inert One in the Presence of the Crescent Shaped Horns"

Recorded, mixed and produced by Neil Kernon.
Recording engineer: Bob Moore.
Recorded at the Soundlab in Columbia, SC.
Mixed at Rax Trax in Chicago.

Artwork and layout by Orion Landau.
Management by Gunter Ford for WORLD management




