For years and years in this world I am living
With infinite pain I swallow deep down inside,
No one have known how much wounds I covered,
No one have known how much I was tired.
How can it be I am drowning in oceans
Of deep agony that take me to edges
With the weight of this fate on my shoulders,
Asking myself to fall in this haze...

I've tried to search my hopes and my answers,
Across this malignant reigns of sorrow and grief,
I have seen so much gloom, desperation
And the lights of the truth disappeared.
Indeed i felt my spirit withering slowly,
Cold autumn waves embraced entirely my being,
My fragile wishes have called me to follow
My inner wisdoms and my secret dreams...

I've tried to fight against my loneliness,
I was always afraid to delusing someone,
I've slighted my real ideals and wishes
And I've lied to myself about my life...
But I've found just cold statues on my paths
And my naivety became my eternal flaw,
And soon I forget about my tenderness,
And thunders of madness encircled my soul...

Black fogs covered the sun of my existence,
And the fallen leaves have frozen my heart,
Asleep in the deepest agonal slumber,
I am chained in the mirrors of loss...
With every new fall I gain to this knowledges,
With every new pain my being will fade,
My sins and my failures will lead me to abyss,
My journey will come to it's unnatural end...

.....this words are so cold ......
.....this beings are so wrong....
......this pains are so old..........
.......this feelings are so strong...

I drank alone my poison,
I've sit in depths of ashes...
I've withered in my darkness....
I burnt in my fancy's flames...

I fell in absence of myself,
I travelled beyond sweet deceits,
My world, lost and forgotten,
Adrift (adrift) in ocean of sins.

I'm the cursed, the vagrant,
I'm silent in fire of doom,
Oppressed by my inner damnation,
Betrayed by my wounded lusts.

My world is dying in indifference,
In loveless oceans of lies,
There's no time for the changes...
And I am (I am) so tired (so tired) to try ...

