[Text: T.Scorn / Gideon, Music: I.Hate]

I unmasked my genesis, this given inbound patricide
While clairvoyance killed the super-ego and this all meaning died.
I beheld a million brainchildren murdered on the illiberal pyre
And an implacable pandemonium of a prodigious wobbling hive
Draped in abounding droning shapes
Gifted a bluebottle fleece
Hymns scribbled in a spidery hand
Caught shifting in the breeze
As a rabis tragedian, accosting this imbecile morale
While impeaching their cerulean innocence my laceration of faith prevailed.
Debonairity instantly gifted, I now fail to bewail their fall, as I sneer at their febrile fear and halter their moribound call.
Patron of Misanthropy
Avatar of sanity
A bulwark in heathen lands
Blasted flawless by the sand
Embellished by its drudges and moldering sanctimony survives
Through incessant mystical obese which the samblance of truth denies.
Self-abnegation resounding and abjected to a gallantry-show,
Of needless flimsy threats - This the humans of Earth bestow.
Tracing lines with mounting glee
Flashed a web-cracked smile
Eldritch turns of father time
Concoction of mead and bile
Boundless preternatural wrangling and baspattering profound, in quile and iconolatry and gormless mass is bound. Fragmentation of the perceptive and in the nebulous enwrapped, signing the great necrology - By odius gibber entrapped.
Widower of a numbing host
Communal vestigial bride
Litaire of immaculate zeal
Reinforce the "I"
In the maelstrom still imploring in coltish laboured need, the headsmen of heterogeneity are a gasping noxious breed. Dissimulating the plausible, nugatory accolade of disillusion, with eveningsongs of undiluted clemency drabbled in pure confusion.
Patron of misanthropy
Avatar of sanity
A bulwark in heathen lands
Blasted flawless by the sand
Above this quaint opulence, this risible neurathenia of man, I cachinate as a blackguard, travelling these dying lands. In the ablart of lamentation lupine I walk in knavery, mordacious with an eerie truth - A rampant obfuscating novelty.
Patron of misanthropy
Avatar of prophanity
The bulwark of these heathen lands
Blasted flawless by the sand

