[Lyrics: Marchosias]

[Act I - The Road to Stalingrad]

Hear the ominous tale of one of the great battles in mankind's bloody history
Fought on the shores of the Volga river in the vastness of the Russian territory
Oh cursed yet glorified name of Stalingrad - immortalized for centuries to come
Where so many died a valiant death, and any human awareness grew utterly numb

[22-06-1941]

Three million troops follow their Führer's call
Marching for honour, oil and 'Lebensraum'
Venturing into the unknown Soviet realm
Endeavouring the eastern Titan overwhelm
History was shaped henceforth and inconceivably
Into the (Third) Reich's ultimate fall, eventually
Nonetheless, those high moral and vigorous summer days
Such contrast to the carnage guiding many to their final resting place

As the vast army marches forward across the desolate Kaukasus plane
Great in number, contemptuous eyes aflame with the programmed hatred they contain
Towards that illustrious city where their miserable fate will be ultimately beset
The long and arduous journey to Stalingrad - walking the path of the dead

[14-09-1942]

As the city walls draw ever nearer now
Obliged to their everlasting Führer-vow
The 6th army strides towards it's final bane
'Tsaritsyn' will soon bequeath its violent disdain
Comrades - millions lying dead on tortured ground
Valiant souls forever to this scorched earth bound
On this eve the Soviets hear the (German) battle cry
But History's decree, haha... none shall ever defy!

[Act II - The Battle of Stalingrad]

(102.0) Mamajev Koergan - the ancient burial ground
Where the gruesome voices of the dead in eternity resound
'Rattenkrieg' obliteration - the stench of rotting corpses fills the air
Through cold, disease and sadistic rivalry now emerges infinite despair

[27-09-1942]

Tsjoeikov's 62nd - bleeds for the iron force of comrade Stalin's might
Tremendous clamour of the battle, the sheer brutality with which divided Soviets fight
The legendary factories of Stalingrad dominate the suffering city's northern part

(Dzerzhinsky, Barrikady, Silikat, Red October, Lazur)
Apocalyptic clash within their burnt remains, worn-out soldiers constantly enduring hellish pains
(In the streets, the Luftwaffe warrants the red army's forces utter death from the sky)

[22-10-1942]

Prelude to assault on Red October - where the wolf the sheep will finally become
Now on the dawn of coming winter, von Paulus' forces destined to their foe succumb!
Massive Soviet artillery effectively eliminates the (concentrating) German lines
In these ruthless days of culminating massacre efficiently the German moral undermines
The Russians do avert the fall of Stalingrad by the sheer exhaustive sacrifice of many lives
Beyond belief their 62nd army, this shattering encounter only just survives

[19-11-1942]

(The red army launches its most formidable operation 'Uranus')
Forward! Comrades march! Eradicate the final German infantry!!
Ferociously cut their throats! For our unified fatherland's supremacy!
Onward! Brothers, follow my call! Unchain our invigorated wrath!!
Stalingrad in ruins (our renowned city forlorn), yet regard our (novel) glorious path...
(Cursed Stalingrad)

[Act III - Epilogue: When Wolf Becomes Sheep - The Road to Berlin]

At Stalingrad, innumerable soldiers heroically gave their lives for their motherland
In retrospect, the vicious battle at the Volga river, delivered within the remnants of a once proud
Yet such condemned city, embodies the destruction and comprehensive humiliation of the German Forces,
a manifest reality which would haunt its Führer all along their successive retreat to Berlin
The roads to Stalingrad were covered with the remains of a dying German army, the bodies of
Countless German soldiers denoting the harsh aftermath of this most cruel and decisive battle

[02-02-1943]

At last, behold the proud Soviet flag governing Mamajev Koergan
Remember this splendid day forth, with the alien tyrant now gone!!!

And there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying,
neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away...

Levithmong ‒ Drums, Vocals
Lord Mystic ‒ Bass
Marchosias ‒ Guitars
Inferno ‒ Guitars


