[LILITH:]
You Lust for me in the Night
Child of Madness Burning Bright
Kill us now for we're too wise
Bring your Laughter to our eyes...
To Rise on the Sky... To the Soul Of Dead lack Seas... Waiting to be born...

Lies on the Wind bearing Shapes in the Sky
Misfortunes in our Paradise
Blind stealing God wielding Dark streaks of Light
Grief runs like Blood piercing White

Hide the Sky with Sadness
How to end your **cking Reign

[LILITH &amp; EVE:] These are the Cries of the World
[LILITH:] Ancient miscarriage of Laws that we made

[GOD:]
In the Dark I am bleeding
Calling for Plagues on your Soul

[LILITH/EVE:]
White Fire-Black Rain Where Angels die
White Fire-Black Rain Leaving this Life for a lie
White Fire-Black Rains Where Angels die
White Fire-Black Rain Leaving this life for a lie
For a lie...

[GOD:] Die in the Sea bearing hatred of me
[SAMAEL:] This War is All against All

[BLACK ANGELS:]
For what you Transgress we condemn you to Death
Witness our Pale Kingdom's Horse

[LILITH:]
Unite the Sky with Gladness
How to end your stubborn Reign

[EVE &amp; LILITH: These are the Cries of the World
[LILITH:] Ancient miscarriage of Laws that we made
[GOD/BLACK ANGELS:] In the Dark I am seething waiting to tear our your Soul!!!

[LILITH:]
Listen to me I don't deceive I am the Shadow of things that will be
Endless Sorrow we'll never know alone in the World as the Vision foretold
Out of the Fire, out of the Rain, I will return with the Pale broken Moonlight
Rising Unchained, Rising on Mist, Rising again with Sumerian Moonlight...

[LILITH &amp; EVE:]
Death of a Life, Death of a Soul, Death of us All...
VISIONS OF EDEN...
Death of a Life, Death of a Soul, Death of us All...
VISIONS OF EDEN...

[BLACK ANGELS:] Cursed by the Gods...
[LILITH:] Hieros Gamos, Hieros Logos...
[EVE:] When Wisdom becomes Understanding...
[SAMAEL:]
You didn't know of the Danger, you will see by their Eyes Black
Undercover a Stranger... you will see by their Eyes inside...

[LILITH &amp; EVE:]
Death of a Life, Death of a Soul, Death of us All...
VISIONS OF EDEN...
Death of a Life, Death of a Soul, Death of us All...
VISIONS OF EDEN... Oh... VISIONS OF EDEN... do we cry for thee

[LILITH:] I am called SHE after the storm...
[EVE:] HEAR YOURSELVES INTO SPEECH NOW...
[LILITH:] I am the Shadow of things to be born...
[EVE:] To BECOME...
[LILITH:] Out of the Sea, like never before...
[EVE:] TO BECOME GOD IS HUMAN...
[LILITH:] I am restored to the First Ground Of Being!

[LILITH:]
I will return gliding on Mist, I will recover the Pale broken Moonlight
I will re-till this desert soil, call for me now at the Birth of the New World...

Rape of a Life, Rape of a Soul, Rape of us All
[BLACK ANGELS / ALL:] VISIONS OF EDEN
[LILITH:] Why do we Live, Why do we Die, When will we Know
[BLACK ANGELS / ALL:] VISIONS OF EDEN...

[LILITH:]
Oh, oh... VISIONS OF EDEN, I cry to thee
Now we Know... Pains... Oh... Pain unending...

[ALL:] VISIONS OF EDEN

[LILITH:]
Restored to Life..Ahhhhh...
I am Kali, Astarte, Shiva... Isis, Ishtar, Hecate... Christ!!

SYNOPSIS
"Rape of a Life, Rape of a Soul, Rape of us All VISIONS OF EDEN...
Why do we Live, Why do we Die, When will we Know VISIONS OF EDEN?"...

This album "VISIONS OF EDEN" is not about happiness, peace, contentment or Eternal tranquility... it's the opposite. It is about disorder, strife, struggle, dominance, and the annihilation of a culture, a way of Life, and the violation &amp; annihilation of a human being. It is a Work based on destruction of Paganism, Gnosticism and the desecration &amp; eradication of the Goddess Principle that once dwelled so freely within Divinity. A massive blow was struck against these early beliefs, by first, the rise of the "Father-God" principle, and second by the development of the Worlds "organized" religions. The album concerns LILITH, first wife of Adam (he of Biblical fame, as in Adam &amp; Eve and the apple, the snake and all that fig leaf propaganda), plus Ancient Sumerian Myths concerning Lilith's relationship with Adam, Eve and God. However, that being said, in actuality, it is really about today... modern times and how we might have arrived here at this strange place we are now in...

An all too brief background: Lilith is a rebel. Should you need a frame of reference from the male perspective, perhaps something akin to a female Prometheus if you will? However... She is actually something infinetly more powerful. She is the manifestation of the Primal Energy, the Life force, and creativity, indeed the Origin Of All Life itself. Due to the tremendeous appeal, power an popularity of the Great Goddess within early "Pagan" Society/Religions/"Mystery Cults", etc., Patriarchal, Male God worshipping Societies felt their status threatened, therefore they enacted laws and actions in which the worship of the Goddess was made illegal. She was demonized, and attempts were made to make her become hateful to women. These attempts were only too successful. My story seeks to parallel what occured long, long ago, concerning this shift and destruction.
One of the first times that we hear about Lilith is in the Ancient text "The Epic Of Gilgamesh". There She is described as an unpleasant squatter in a Tree. Lilith is often equated with the Egyptian Isis, Inanna (sometimes called the hand of Inanna), also Astarte, Hecate, Sophia, Mary, and all the others powerful feminine deities. She represents the primordial fount of all Mother/Goddess figures. And yes, according to legend she was actually the first wife of Adam, prior to Eve. From earth/mud/clay, she was created, just as Adam was. Lilith felt that She was Adam's equal, a true mate &amp; match for him. In the early Legends it is said that She &amp; Adam were created as a dual being... joined back to back. As such, Lilith wanted to remain independent, and did not wished to be subservient to the male personality, Will and ego. Adam, however, considered himself to be the Supreme Power. He claimed that it was decreed to him by his God, that he should be the master over Lilith. And sooo... my friend's trouble in Paradise/Eden began... anyway...

Let's go back to the beginning. God gives "Birth" (or thinks he does), to Lilith in the Dark of Night, through the miracle of... nocturnal emission (this is discussed in ADORNED WITH THE RISING COBRA), and forever lusts after her. (He's got a great passion for Flesh!) However, she is not his child. Again what Lilith really is, is the exact other "side" of True Godhead... the Goddess, or female half of Divinity. This God... we are discussing is not a true God... He is a demi-urge of half-maker. Lilith is part of a higher Authority/Energy/Emanation, an equal part of the True... Onesses or God Above God. Anyway... Lilith has awakened this particular God's Dark, sensual Nature. However... this God is really very afraid of Lilith. He finds her... "uncontrollable", wild, untameable and far to difficult to understand, so... he creates Adam in the Light of Day, to be the mirror of his own image, thus IMMORTAL I STAND (The Birth Of Adam). Adam &amp; Lilith meet... they try to have a Magick, Romantic Evening... but everything goes horribly wrong. Oh yes... very wrong. Adam wants to be on top... (sexually &amp; otherwise), and Lilith wants the same so... they have an enormous fight! She pushes him off her and screams out "bastard", he calls her a "bitch", and She flies off on her Glorious Green Wings! She is able to do that because she is in possesion of the Power/Knowledge of the True "Name" of God. Lilith knows THE INEFFABLE NAME. She has found out that which was supposed to be forbidden and unknowable. In anger, rage and fear... God &amp; Adam curse Lilith... and Adam demands that God Creat him a new partner... Someone perhaps a bit easier going...

In the aftermath of her dramatic flight, God creates Eve for Adam, to be Adam's subservient, docile helper. Lilith then momentarily reappears, confronts Eve &amp; Adam, and rages at them... BLACK LIGHT ON BLACK. Here is also introduced the idea of what might have caused the real "FALL" from Grace/Paradise. Not the eating of any worm-ridden apple, but... Adam's ultimate defection from Lilith. He prefers to cling to his idea of superiority, with himself as "Master" to the submissive Eve, rather than explore the potential of equality with Lilith... Next our heroine winds up in the Red Sea where it is said that she cavorts with Demons and has numerous children with them. (This is the beginning of a smear campaign against her.) Then along come Three Black Angels who begin to torment &amp; abuse her. This is essentially the idea behind... BONEDUST. The Black Angels (sent by God) attempt to force her to come back to Adam. They tell her: "for this unlawful flight, this transgression, as punishment, 1,000 of your children will die every day unless you return, we will kill them". Lilith says... "No! I am beyond your control. I know the Ineffable Name of God. This... gives me Power! I do not have to come back, I will not come back, and your God knows this!" The "Angels" are in confusion, as they were not aware of this arrangement with God. They however are great tricksters and of course with a God such as this, there must be punisment, so these crafty "Angels" contrive something truly dreadful. They devise a way to convince her that in return for her willfulness, stubborness, independence, pride and femaleness... She must in fact be the one to do those killings of children. And thus the process begins where she is dramatically transformed, turned from the Beautiful, Noble idea of the Great Goddes/Good Mother... into a Terrible Mother/Evil Demon, repugnant to all women. (ANGEL OF DEATH)... Lilith in rage and madness... takes the poison bait... Later She comes to her senses and laments her Fate, but... the damage has already been done. Infection sets in... However, Her Pure Essence, her Divine Core cannot fully comprehend why She must beome this dark, vile, hideous thing. She questions, She cries out, She begs, She implores the GOD ABOVE GOD, to deliver her from this tragic fate... And thus the Nobility in her Nature requires still further corrupting to be up to such killing, so She, (or is it the "Angels" again?) conjure Samael... THE HIDDEN GOD. Unbeknownst to her, Samael is actually Adam in disguise. With his influence and trickery The Feminine Divine is finally overcome, seduced, perverted, corrupted and She... becomes the CHILDSLAYER... Eve and all Women of the World begin their Eternal Lament... WHEN DUSK FELL... and... the struggle begins/continues... VISIONS OF EDEN...

Once again... remember... regardless od any Ancient, Myth-like qualities the nature of this Tale may invoke, everything that occurs is actually going on now in real time, in the mind of a specific Woman while she is being raped... and... this story is not over yet... no... not yet...

David DeFeis, June 21., 2006.




