[LILITH:]
I RISE!

Weak willed Tyrant, lump of clay
I despise you and will not obey...Divine Commands...
Side by side, back to back dual Shadow
Yourself you Attack!

Restrain your passion or weep for the Dawn
Return me the Grace now for which I was born

I rise across the Ocean cast a Magick Spell
Armed with the Power of Life, Death &amp; Hell
Charmed with Magick, Divine my Skin
Your Lion knoweth nothing of where I begin

Serpent's bite, Sovereign Might shakes with the Power of my Works
Unending Fire, pains conspire I stole the Secret of God's... INEFFABLE NAME!

Rise up with Magick Spells beholden to no one
I live for the memory of the Purest Light
Gliding above this Place I'm leaving this Paradise
Armed with the Knowledge of my Sacrifice

You Gods don't provoke me and withdraw your scorn
Return to your Sovereign and bear this along

I ride across the Ocean cast a Magick Spell
With Fear, Force &amp; Fire, yes I know you well
Glowing Magick, under my Skin
Your Lion knoweth nothing of my Origin

Rise in Power, or cast down in Flame
I know the Power of your Name
Serpents Wise, Reign of Lies
I own the Power of Your INEFFABLE NAME...
Oh the Power of the Name...I KNOW YOUR NAME!!!
Your Name... I know Your Name...

I fly from thee... Authority, your lies to me, I am called freedom
Invoking the Circle of Starlight
Nothing will hinder my rise!!! Watch... look out... I'll take your eyes

Rising above the Stars
I'm leaving this Paradise, escaping the bonds of this Wicked Crowd
Your God thinks He's Light alone, creating Himself from Self
The Gods don't know... my sacred flight... No way... But I Know!

Wait... out of my way...
I'll take your Name, I'll take your Eyes... Horus... awake! Yea... Watch me fly!

Rise up with Magick Spells beholden to no one
I live for the memory of the Purest Light
Gliding above this place, I'm leaving this Paradise
Armed with the knowledge of my Sacrifice...
BUT I KNOW!!! OH... The Power of the Name...

Azag galra sugbi mu unna te, Namtar galra zibi mu unna te
(Return now to your state of Dreaming, your God won't hinder my brazen flight)

