"From out of the North Black Evil Breaks Forth"

I should have killed you where you stood
Brother when I had the chance
Underneath these signs of Love
I pronounce you both Accursed!
Grief is...Knowing there was Time...
Hell is hoping to Believe and a Crime
Under Sullen Skies of Fire
I will leave you with this Black Poem...

**ck you Adam,
**ck you Eve
**ck your God and his Infernal needs
**ck your Children Poison seed
Like a cancer you'll conceive

Hell's incantations follow this curse
Spells incantations swallow this curse
Hell's incantations follow my curse
Tragedy falls on us all...yea...Tragedy...

What choice is this? Drags you down... you destroy Paradise...
Dark as the wind (A Ruin within a Ruin)...
BLACK LIGHT ON BLACK... I come! Follow my Curse!

In the Dark core of your Being... know that I am Thou.

Fall from Grace...
What choice is this?... In the Dark Core of your being, Dark am I...
BLACK LIGHT ON BLACK...
Immaculate Misconception... Fall from Grace... Beating...
Your Pride withers your Wings... You will Fall far... Lost now, you're the
Ruin of
Your Race... the Ruin of your Race... all turns to nothing... All choices die!

Dead you hunger for Life
Spurning flesh you deny your Divine Wealth and stare
Cursing all that we share... torn by Dreams of Despair... Why!
You coward, you Liar, you're the ruin of your Race

For what price do you forfeit your Wings
And the Sunlight of Freedom in the Air,
Born of Despair, born of Fire and Intricate God-Light
Now, now you are torn, torn from our World for Death and Destruction
Lost, poor faithless fool you conspire Permanent Midnight for us all...

Grief is... Knowing there was Time...
Hell is hoping to Believe and a Crime
Under Sullen Skies of Fire I will leave you with this Dead, Black Poem...

**ck you Adam,
**ck you Eve
**ck your God and his Infernal needs
**ck your Children Poison seed
Like a cancer you'll perceive...

Hell's incantations follow this curse
Hell's incandescence shadows my loss
Hell's fornications follow my Curse
Tragedy falls on us all... for us all!!!
Leave me raving!

