Back in full effect, who would've guessed
One would suggest that this is ludicrous and
Had my stretch of bad luck, am I mad? Shucks
Nut up, 'cause I ain't goin' out like that. Hold up!
Gotta move on, let me gather my thoughts
Swear to God, I done had it with y'all
I got a lot on my plate, and my feet ache
'Cause I done put in all the foot-work, trying to be great
But wait, some say that I'm stubborn, got a hard head
But to think that I'mma change is more than far-fetched
My balls, are all lead. And boys are barking up the wrong tree;
Trying to pull that on me.
Understand, that I'm my own man
And impressing these fans, ain't in none of my plans
So I'mma do me, and you can do them
Stay out my lane, and you won't get a bent rim; 4 real
My God all mighty. Same person, different body.

So it seems, that you'll trigger a reaction in me but I know
That you will never be, what you want [2x]
As long as you're following fools, don't be a tool. You gotta move.
Don't be an idiot
I see you standin' with your hand out. What you sayin' now and are you hearing this?
You need to look at your affiliates.
'Cause you're a product of your own environment and you ain't seeing this.
And your life is in your own hand
Not the president, the government, your momma or another man
So you better find another plan
Before you kill yourself when you believe in what another's saying
Won't see defeat, even if I'm neck deep
And seven days a week, on my grind, tryna eat
And yea, I play for keeps, and I never will weep.
And never will I be fooled by what I see.
With so much on the plate, I'm tryna be great

This life is in my hands
As long as I'm alive, this is my battle cry [2x]
This next verse is for every person
And I don't mean to make anybody feel worthless
And I know nobody's perfect
But we done did a lot of work, and it's going in the dirt quick
So this next bit for all y'all
And I could care less if it's gonna piss y'all off
'Cause honestly I hope it do
'Cause I'm tryna light fire under you, listen up
This generation's full of lazy idiots
That think they got the world figured out.
Fools, that want everything handed to them
And it's all looking so dim, so quick. Y'all make me sick.
Work.

If nothin' else. I'm tryna eat.



