Our mind manipulation was no strength for the deceased
The masterplan defeasted by the laws of earth's beliefs
And in death's costume now I live a lonely, empty corpse
Existing matter left to wait infinity's demise
For all the greed my just reward
The reaper's prize the mask of death
It fits my face and grips my skull as exact as can be
A perfect mold symmetric cast forever locked to me
For all the greed my just reward
The reaper's prize the mask of death
A marching ghoul the sight of hell, hell!!!
This war was armageddon the rising of the dead
As every breath of every life has vanished from the world
And here we stand the winning losers left to wander earth
The miles and miles of emptiness witnessed by no one
And as the story ends I'm still wishing for my dream
Of being dead, forgotten, no longer a machine!
There isn't pulse yet on I go somewhere in between
I cannot stop my time on earth or end my legacy
Thinking back to my past in truth I fell from grace
And for my sins I'm one of "them" and they are one of me
And as the story ends I'm still wishing for my dream
Of being dead, forgotten, no longer a machine!
For what mind created man and what did end his reign?
Just who created planet earth and who created me?
For I am only flesh and bone a seed of many seeds
A soulless victim on a chain a slave to what does lead
I'm hell's forever!!!
A marching ghoul the sight of hell
Hell!
March!, March!, March!, March! Forever walking the earth
March!, March!, March!, March! Wearing the mask of hell
March!, March!, March!, March! Forever walking the earth
March!, March!, March!, March!
"As forever becomes no closer and the world it does not change
I admit my failures a thousand times in hope of some relief
Inside my mind there are questions but around me only time
Time to think where I went wrong and all I've left behind
And yes I know I'm searching for peace, tranquility
For the truth it stands before me, death is my destiny!"

Recordered at Oblivion Studios, November 1996
Engineered by Mike "Lizzard Man" Bossier
Produced by Jim "No Milk!" Barnes
Mixed by Jim Barnes and Mike Bossier
Cover art by Wes Benscoter


