The prowling demons side by side
The final proof that death is life
The reapers army built to kill a tragic return to our world
I can see the terror in their eyes that empty stare
Their haunting souls still intact to seek revenge
Unknowing victims take the bait a horrid ending in distaste
As we sweep our dead from the streets
These fiends devour all in reach
I can see the terror in their eyes that empty stare
Their haunting souls still intact to seek revenge
An endless maze with no escape what can we do?
For just how long can we last for where is life still pure
Hospitals full with failing life the people soon to go
They scream in pain as they fade away
Into the shape of "them"
We bolt the door they die behind to try and find escape
For what can stop this deadly war what will bring their end?
Is it violence? Is is science?
My thoughts are so unclear who's got the answer?
The wind blows in the next wave of the walking dead disease
As I sit here watching their every move
I know they're watching me
But how can I plot my own escape from creatures that don't end
Is there safety anywhere? I haven't got a clue
As I flee to get away I know they're close, so close
I can see their snapping jaws open and close
Hell's lunacy is in my brain, insane
And panic is now a part of life
A victim just waiting in the night, this night
Their crippled hands they pull me to their lair, despair
My every move and suddenly they're there, beware
Hell's lunacy is in my brain, insane
And panic is now a part of life
But where am I to run? My destination is nowhere fast
Is there a place just out of reach where serenity awaits
Or am I just a dreamer without the strength to carry on?
The fools of fools forever chasing all eternity, eternity
This has to be illusion is this the way it's going to end
Zombies taking all life's children and throwing them away
On earth they've arrived like tortured soldiers sent to war
But they're the dead the past returning and now they live again,
They live again
Then reality hits me like a slap in the face
The world's become so wrong
Just look around at what's happened
To earth the ending has come
The terrible deaths the destruction of man the unhuman entity
This must be the work of unnatural lords for what else can it be
Tell me! What else could it be?
Fearless undead machines!!!
The end of hope and dreams, fearless undead machines!

