Cold winds bring me the memories
Dark feelings arise in my wind
I remember when I was watching
In your mystic red eyes, master !
I remember when you gave me this secret
and I got eternal immortality
We were drinking human blood
We became the Dark Evil beast

Like the spirits without bodies
We were flying in the sky
Our hearts we've lost in dust
Then other dimension invited us !

EVIL - it sounds like nocturnal howling
of wolves thirsty for the blood
Darkness - it looks like an ultimate
form of everlasting night
BLOOD - it tastes like a wine
from the blackest grapes of sin

And I known the final destiny
I saw the dark gates of graveland
So I entered the world of Darkness

Where the sun has died in the past
Walking by the path of another world
I kiss the magical Arcan...
And now we are the same again
with my Great - Master - Baphomet !

I used the Powers of Darkness
for my spiritual rebirth
Light of Lucifer inflamed my way
So I'll be back like funeral wind...

Darken's Rant

This is a whole stuff of "The Celtic Winter", which was recorded by me -
Darken and Capricornus in winter of 1993-94. It has once appeared in two
versions as Demo III '93 and shorter one Mini-CD format. In this period of
time our hearts were full of mad hatred and wild cruelty, we felt hatred and
expressed it by playing music... Not for fame, not for money, but for the
cruel revenge on enemy of our race and spirit!!! The enemy named christianity.
We played for the idea, which was belief in death of christianity and fall of
the church, belief in young generation of a new millenium being able to deny
judeo-christian moral system and to stand against the system, to obtain its
freedom by fighting and regain the lost pride of its forefathers...

Today majority of this young generation sell itself for worthless money, let
the system's masters of illusion play their dirty tricks and want to be lead
by them like lamb through the maze of existence. But there are still
individuals, who see this fact, people who feel hate and fight, full of pride
and conscious of their acts... Those are ones, for whom Graveland plays...

Darken 96 09 06


