Far near the stars, the light blinded my eyes
Pretending to be the goddess of the lands
Of Heaven and of all
If I'm
The Lord, you are gonna feel the anger of my skies
The dark is in your eyes
And the sun will disappear
My tears are on your face
And my blood on
your feelings

Feel the rain and the storm
And follow me, fly
Could you become the ashes of my heart?
You only have to give me your own eyes.
And maybe you could kiss the justice of my soul

Feeling the heart of hell...
Scream and burn, near the fire.
Souls feel the pain of death...
When the rain breaks the silence

[Chorus:]
Go high my Brothers (flying through the
sky) but don’t lose our power (avenging all her pain)
We are gonna take (from
the empire of the Sun) the power of this mystic place.

My tears are falling
down on your rivers but where is the sun?
It’s too late my holy maiden, if the
sun never comes back for you.

You guide me to the end
To save you and your soul

The passion of the silence never sleeps.
Was the magic and
the steel what made me wake up
When darkness was the redemption of the sun
Sacrifice your feelings and all...
And if you have to die
Would you stop the anger of your soul?
No, you can’t enchant me and stop my revenge, revenge
that is on me and will always stay on me.

Darkness protect the earth,
And let the light disappear.
Thunders will bring you pain
For death and for the spirits.

[Chorus:]
Fly Ayar Tawar (crossing all the hills), cross the temples to the horizons (with the rage of your veins).
The blood of your heart (running to the sea) claims vengeance for the innocents.

Son of fire, lord of the empire Son of fire, lord of the empire
Son of fire, lord of the empire Son of fire, lord of the empire

Darkness protect the earth,
and let the light disappear.
Thunders will bring you pain
for death and for the spirits.

[Chorus:]
Fly Ayar Tawar
(crossing all the hills), cross the temples to the horizons (with the rage of your veins).
The blood of your heart (running to the sea) claims vengeance for the innocents.

Go high my Brothers, but don’t lose our power...
Fly through the skies, for Hiem and the midnight sun...

