[Music: Schaffer / Lyrics: Schaffer]

Look, out in the distant sky
Open, up your weakened minds
Feel, what's in store for you
The jackals howling at the moon
See, the curtain of the night
Falling, down into your life
Doom, is headed straight for you
The night comes shining through
Join us in our never ending journey
Into the burning lake of fire
Let us fill your helpless soul
Fill it with sweet desire
When the night falls
When the moon's full
Recall, the look in their eyes
The sign of hat, it burns
They've come for us, but we'll fight
Till death
Hypnotizing, paralyzing
Brings me to my knees
Tantalizing suicide
Drives me to the edge
When the night falls, when death crawls
Frozen in my sleep
Rippers slashing, terror laughing
Numbers burning deep
Join us in our never ending journey
Into the burning lake of fire
Let us fill your helpless soul
Fill it with sweet desire
When the night falls
When the moon's full

Iced Earth breaks new ground in the metal world with their debut album.
Bassist Dave Abell and drummer Mike McGill lay down a solid foundation,
Jon Schaffer fills in the cracks with this rhythm guitar, and the high
pitched wailing of Gene Adam's voice and Randy Shawver's lead guitar
are built on top that base. Add all kinds of nifty breaks, time changes,
acoustic passages, and keyboards as finishing touches and you have
Iced Earth. The completed structure is something that borrows ideas
from other bands, yet is remains totally unique. The music is heavy,
melodic, dark, fast, and complex.  Schaffer plays true rhythm guitar,
giving the band its trademark sound. Iron Maiden's "galloping" rhythm
is quite evident, except that Iced Earth is a much faster horse.
This album is very raw and fresh; it provides clear evidence that
Iced Earth will be a force to be reckoned with.

Iced Earth
(1991, Century Media)
Jon Schaffer - Rhythm Guitar, Backing Vocals
Randy Shawver - Lead Guitars
Gene Adam - Vocals
Dave Abell - Bass Guitar
Mike McGill - Drums

Produced by Tom Morris and Jon Schaffer

Thanks to eimastemagges for sending track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to argo1123 for correcting track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to gelareh_kh for correcting track #3 lyrics.


