Look, our skin is so white, it shimmers in the sun
And with hate we train our children
Division, now that is the purest form of society
We maintain: We don't fit your system
Our beliefs are built on supremacy
Our God-given Aryan beauty
Behold, the land that we invaded
Now claim back, because we do not steal

"Jou baas? Haha. Is jy swart? 'n Wit man het nie 'n baas nie.
'n Wit man het 'n kollega."

So as you should know, there's two types of people
Racists and those who are blind
And if you should ever think otherwise
you're either black or have no mind
Categorize the land in two
To maintain the order of who is who
In this joke of a country, our third world circus

The colour spectrum separates in two
So you tell me that there is other cultures? It cannot be true.
The rainbow nation is simply a myth
There is nothing else that I can ever work with
And there is no one else that carries any worth
From the bottom of my heart
I will pray that we stay apart

So Kommando Korps is waar ons groei
En vir hierdie lieflike volk sal ons nog natuurlik bloei
So Gee vir my net een toespraak, gee vir my net een uur
Dan weet al hierdie nat lip laaities wat soek hul hier
Vir Volk en Vaderland

Now we will see what you're really made of
with your bravery torn apart, bare
See if there is something more to this inbred old man
who is hiding in his lair

Ek glo in die Heilige Gees
Laat ons vry van swart van vlees
Ek glo aan 'n heilige algemene Christelike kerk
Die welstand van 'n blanke is waartoe ons werk
Die gemeenskap van die heiliges
Ons ras staan by mekaar
Die opstanding van die vlees
Afrikaans in bloed en daad
Die vergewing van sondes
in 'n Afrikaner staat
En in 'n ewige lewe
In Orania

I can't believe we simply look away
While men like these are left to stay
To poison the minds of innocent boys
With far right views, with minds they play
The fire of discrimination is fueled
By ignorant bastards who make askew
The values of rigor and pride and power to
Throw in more wood to the hell-blazing fire that rages between me and you.

So I am a post apartheid child
But I see the way things are
Leaving all your ethics behind
Only so you can trample upon
the ones who are already scarred
So you say that you form no part
And in this great country you have no heart
Then let me make it simple
In the easiest terms I will spell it out:
Get the fuck out of my country!

Red October, a beautiful parade
Joining in daylight, a race that's about to fade
"We are oppressed and we need to stand tall
And with our raised fists our statement is made
This is a crisis, a white genocide
Of thousands of people who's children have cried"

Tell me what makes you so special?
And why do you have to make it racial?
Our country is crippled and you somehow think
that the whites are the only ones suffering
Think about townships that yearn for the slightest nutrition
that you take for granted, the people whose lives are
destroyed at the hand of corruption.

