Lost
When the storm hits, you will leave this
Awake
Time will pass through, and break you

Broken, or so you say
Nobody bought that fable anyway
So calloused, and so naïve
To wear a heart of fiction on your sleeve

Bury every sign of life in filth and hollow trend
And push against progression on the path of logic's end
Like tears flowing upward

[Chorus:]
Lost, an aimless soul
When the storm hits, you will leave this
Awake to wasted days
Time will pass through, and break you

This wreckage you'll never be
If you were raised in Hell you'd own the sea
Don't tell me it's not your choice
You sold a blessed future for some noise

Bury every sign of life in filth and hollow trend
And push against progression on the path of logic's end
Like tears flowing upward

[Chorus]

With every waking second you front, another real life loses ground
Ten thousand arms outstretched and you have the nerve to strike them all
No reason to coexist?
No reason to exist

[This song is about irresponsible living, specifically amongst young people. I've noticed a trend, particularly up here in the Northwest, of people in their late teens and 20's that have rebelled against the lifestyles of their parents and have adopted a life of street living and poor work ethic. To someone that doesn't know any better, you'd think by looking at these kids that they've fell on hard times and that they must've been abandoned at some point. What I have come to understand is that they have willingly abandoned what they had, in exchange for a trendy lifestyle of recklessness. To pretend that your life is in dire straits is an insult to people that actually have fell on hard times.

I cannot find fault in someone who chooses to live a simple life devoid of monetary focus, however, I think in most of these cases, these kids are wasting their lives by merely floating through, contributing nothing to society. They've become so disgusted with successful living that they've made a complete 180 into very careless territory. They are able bodied, but take pride in doing nothing.

I'm not implying that successful living is Christian living at all. I am however saying that to take for granted what God has blessed you with is foolish. To take a vow of poverty in the name of the Lord can be commendable, but the motives behind this scene I'm speaking of are strictly based on fad.

And you and the Levites and the aliens among you shall rejoice in all the good things the Lord your God has given to you and your household.
-Deuteronomy 26: 11]

