[Feat. Bruce Fitzhugh]

Sixteen, Oh holy day
Your time has come and passed
The rapture we've been waiting for
Has come to us at last
Sixteen for every fake
Sixteen to every whore
Wipe that dirt from off your face
Sixteen is at your door

Oh, voiceless, wasted
You soaked your heart in gasoline
Now light it up and burn

[Chorus:]
The same cycle ever-turning you is calling
It's calling
The scene is begging for a grave tonight
It always, it always will

You take the name of love divine
And drag it through your blood
Now turn to face what you have made
And mourn what you have done

Oh, voiceless, wasted
You soaked your heart in gasoline
Now light it up and burn
Voiceless, wasted
I came this far to drag you down
And watch you take your turn

[Chorus]

Farewell to false pretension
Farewell to hollow words
Farewell to fake affection
Farewell, tomorrow burns

[Chorus]

[Having played in bands for well over a decade, I've learned a lot of things about many of the people involved in "Christian" music. I put the word Christian in quotes, because unfortunately, many of the things that I have witnessed lead me to believe that there are a lot of people involved in Christian music that should not be adopting the term "Christian" at all.

For many of us in bands, this is a common tale. For others, it may be news. And don't get me wrong here- I'm not saying that since these people are Christians, they cannot fail. They can and will fail, and that is to be expected. However, there is a level of failure, as a Christian, as a human, without remorse or repentance that begs to be questioned.

"Sixteen" is in regard to the minute. Some people are fortunate enough to have fifteen minutes of fame. For these "Christians" that I speak of, living Godless, perverse lives, I beg for minute sixteen. I beg for the end of their undeserved fame, for the end of spiritual fraudulence, and the end of their time in this scene.

And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in [his] wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger [from his right], and fear not me, saith the Lord of hosts.
-Malachi 3:5]

