These words are a weapon for the ones in pain
A fair fight for the children of a lesser name
We are the war against the sick and fatal fall of man
A hollow tip to the notion of a Godless stand
Quick to slam the gavel on a true solution
You let the fear become a stranglehold
Tear it all apart so you can render your own belief
You never listened to what you were told

Condemned
You built a wall, disbelief is all you left us
Reaction
Without a thought, your resolve is to reject us

[Chorus:]
You found your darkness stands on a thread of pinhole light
And all you wanted was perfection
You found your darkness stands on a thread of pinhole light
So all you are is contradiction

You buried the chance in a self-righteous glance
So your sons and your daughters were safe
But your imperfect path is a heart made of glass
And the world is a charming grenade

Condemned
You built a wall, disbelief is all you left us
Reaction
Without a thought, your resolve is to reject us

[Chorus]

[Our intentions as a band have been questioned since day one, often times by Christians that don't understand why we play heavy metal and look the way that we do. We always take the time to explain to these people why we do what we do, and try to help them understand the importance of our music. Most people are receptive to that, but many choose to remain ignorant to our world and our motives.

Christian parents want their children to grow up on the straight and narrow. That's understandable, and commendable. But what happens when the child is faced with the influences of their friends and the world around them? You can hope and pray that they make the right decisions, but in many cases, kids go through a phase where they have the desire to rebel and break away from the care and concern of their parents.

In our day and age, many kids cling to music. Different types of music appeal to different types of kids, and heavy metal is still a very popular style of music amongst young people. To forbid this style of music altogether begs for rebellion. Not only that, but to deem an entire genre unacceptable is a bold and naïve thing to do. What we do as Demon Hunter tends to appeal to young people, but instead of giving them a message of despair and hopelessness, we offer one of a Christ-centered world-view and of hope.

Kids see music as something that defines them. They can either be defined by worldly music, or by positive, Christ-centered music. Although some parents may hear our music and jump to the conclusion that we must condone evil because we have a heavy sound and the vocals can seem very abrasive, what they don't know is that their kids dig deeper than that. Kids don't stop at the appearance. They get into the music in a way that their parents could never imagine them doing. They learn about the band, meticulously read the lyrics, and they look to get something out of it. At an impressionable age, they may very well take to heart whatever it is they're being told in a song. What we offer them is a Christian perspective. It's just wrapped in a package that looks a little more aggressive than what you might be used to seeing in Christian music. And if you ask why we would appear that way, I would ask why your child is interested in listening to us.

This kind of music can truly be a weapon against the spiritual warfare that kids face these days. I don't want to knock other Christian artists, because they all have their place, but if we were speaking metaphorically, what kind of weapon would you call contemporary Christian pop, and what kind of weapon would you call Christian heavy metal?

I will open my mouth in parables, I will utter hidden things, things from of old- what we have heard and known, what our fathers have told us. We will not hide them from their children; we will tell the next generation the praiseworthy deeds of the Lord, his power, and the wonders he has done.
-Psalms 78: 2-4]

