[music: A.Kokko, lyrics: P.Kokko, A.Kokko]

A man with the mask on a mountain
Holding the cross in his blood covered hands
Watching the symbol with respect
Praising the lord for victory

He led the troops into a battle
Battle of might, glory and trust
Under the flag of the goddess
Surrounded by lies... and greed

Killing a thousand years old culture
Taking away the dream
Wasting development
Disturbing the peace

Death sleeps on the fields
Blood stained scenes artificial believes
Using the word with the sword
No difference, no soul at all

Using the word means power
Using religion as a shield
Cleaning the scene from the unfit
By forcing them live for greed!

Pekka Kokko - guitar &amp; vocals 
Pekka has played guitar since 1989. He has born in 1974. He is one of the founding members of Kalmah with Petri Sankala.
Hobbies in addition to band: hunting. Fav bands are: Hypocrisy, Children of Bodom, Paradise Lost (old), Megadeth,
Death, CMX, Pantera, In Flames and Judas Priest.

Antti Kokko - lead guitar 
Antti has played guitar since 1990. He has born in 1979. He studies at the University of Oulu, Science of Computer
Programming. He is also a sport maniac. Fav bands: Megadeth, Hypocrisy, Children of Bodom, Carcass, Paradise Lost (old),
Death, Pantera, Dark Tranquillity, In Flames and Judas Priest. Pekka and Antti are brothers.

Petri Sankala - drums 
Pete is one of the founding members of Kalmah. He has started playing in 1985. He plays also in E.T.o.S. Broad-minded for
all new ideas and future happenings. Fav bands: Power metal in general, Judas Priest, Timo Rautiainen &amp; Trio Niskalaukaus. 

Pasi Hiltula - Keyboards
Pasi is a session musician in Kalmah. His main goals in music are in E.T.o.S and the proge bands he plays in. He studies at
the music highschool of Madetoja, in Oulu. Fav bands: bland annat, Symphony X.

Altti Vetelinen - bass
Altti is the newest member. He has played bass since 1994, starting with a guitar. In the bands history this is his third
joining. Main goal at music scene is his own band E.T.o.S.  




