Life, what is life? Time spent in a controlled dimension of injustice and crime!
Your will is drained away by a merciless infliction of the ruthless ones!
Fate, awful fate! Abandoned among the spires of the beast that grows underneath,
you try to keep afloat but you will fail, you suffocate in the abyss of decay!

Right denied! Right denied by your oppressors,
our primal right is denied! The right inside of you!

The law to break is the one that they impose, not the one that you own!
The rules they made are the ones that you must change to regain your...

Right denied! Right denied by your oppressors,
our primal right is denied! The right inside of you!
Right denied! Dethrone your vassals! Right denied by your oppressors,
our primal right is denied! Erase their rule! The right inside of you!

[Toto Riina speech:]
I Corleonesi nunn' hanno bisogno ru stato! Ave trent'anni che mettiamo le leggi senza
bisogno di scriverle e siamo noi che le facciamo rispettare siamo noi che
decidiamo qua va a crepare e qua va a vivere, qua va a pigliare gli appalti e chu
resta morto de fame, chi se ne deve andare a Roma e chu resta cu u' culo pe' terra
hann'a trattare cu' mia, Binno! Qui lo stato sono io!
[English translation:]
Corleonesi don't need the State. Since thirty years we've been putting laws,
without write them down, and we are those who make people respect them,
we are those that decide who's going to die and who's going to live, who's taking
the contracts and who's going to starve, who can go to Rome and who's going to
be fucked up, they have to deal with me, Binno! I am the State here!

What is ours it's not something you can steal from our life,
your the vile, we must despise, we must deny!
Low and confined in a shelter that's crashing down,
you're the enemy we must exile from our life!

Life, what is life? Existence's not enough to wash away the filth you've inside!
Your pride will be replaced by frights, that drag you under waves of stormy sea of regret!
Fate, awful fate! Aghast by all the anger dominating every choice made!
You try to stay alive but you will fail, doomed to struggle to take back yourself!

Right denied! Right denied by your oppressors,
our primal right is denied! The right inside of you!

Raping our liberty to fulfill their side,
tantalizing existence of men! They are the leader of nothing!
Bastards who follows the rules that those made,
their remorse will be the judge of their infamous deeds! Drowned in crying!

Pain and scorn are the ones that you must face not the ones you should take!
The help they gave is the one you must refuse to regain your...

Right denied! Right denied by your oppressors,
our primal right is denied! The right inside of you!
Right denied! Dethrone your vassals! Right denied by your oppressors,
our primal right is denied! Erase their rule! The right inside of you!

