You think you can hide from the life that you made 
You think you can run from the hell you created 
Never a thought for the fruits of your labour 
Just some vague and fading picture 
You think I would laugh in the face of neglect 
You think I would smile in the light of rejection 
Never a thought to the flesh and the blood 
Just some weak and willing victim 

"All that glisters is not gold", 
or so the wise man said 
"When greed awakes upon your shoulder 
Hearts will turn to lead" 
Fools gold! Ah, fools gold! 

Fly to the valleys, fly to the hills 
Try to exist on your own without feelings 
Ripping your soul beyond all recognition 
Unforgiven, twisted vision 

Let your conscience decide! 

Can you live with yourself 
and the deed you have done 
Conquer your thoughts when all this has begun 
It's tearing your mind into guilt and regret 
Troubled dreams - You'll not forget this! 

"All that glisters is not gold", 
or so the wise man said 
"When greed awakes upon your shoulder 
Hearts will turn to lead" 
Fools gold! Fools gold! 

No........It's not all right to call 
No........It's not all right to haul me over hot coals 
Burning the soles of my feet 
Biting deep - Deep into my flesh - My hands 

Vengeance - Be sure that I will repay you 
Vengeance - Be sure that I will be 
the one to betray you! 

Vengeance - I'll strike like a snake 
when your back is turned 
Vengeance - I shall light the fire 
and leave you to burn 

Digging deep for something of value 
How much more must I tear at the soil? 
Then at my feet I find angels and saints 
Pleading for forgiveness 

Digging deep for something of value 
Will I find what I touched in a dream? 
Then at my feet I find demons and devils 
Waiting to drag me down into the pit! 

Digging deep for something of value 
Searching hard for answers and clues 
Then at my feet I find bigots and sinners 
Screaming their abuse at me 

Digging deep for something of value 
Will I find what I lost once before 
From my soul there springs home for redemption 
A chance to walk the farthest shore 

I made my own bed - I must lie here forever 
I made my own prison - 
I must live out my life in it now 

Are you really afraid when the sun sets at night 
Are you really afraid when you lie down 
and close your eyes 
Never a chance to retreat into sleep 
The damage is done - now you shall reap justice 

You wanted it all but now you have nothing 
Lost to the wind are the chances you threw 
You wanted it all but now you have nothing 
You killed for the gold but this won't help you 

"All that glisters is not gold", 
or so the wise man said 
"When greed awakes upon your shoulder 
Hearts will turn to lead" 
That's fools gold! Fools gold!

