Trained in terror hate and fear
To kill the women and children near USA or Israel
You'd like to send them all to hell
Throw grenades down airport halls
Bullets flying wall to wall
Innocent deaths we won't stand
One day you'll face our reprimand

Fuckadafi...
Bring him to his knees
Fuckadafi...

Threaten us with squads of death
I'm hear to say don't waste your breath
Bring 'em on we won't run
Every house here's got a gun
We'll meet your threats face to face
Anytime Mohamar, any place
We'll end your reign we'll find a way
Until that time I want to say...

Fuckadafi...
Bring him to his knees
Fuckadafi...

Nostradamus spoke of you
The Antichrist with turbin blue
This won't come you just see
We master our own destiny
You said you'll launch the first attack
Just don't forget we fight back
We'll change events this prophet said
We'll prove it when we have your head

You think the Ruskies are your friends
They'll stick with you until the end
If you believe that your a fool
Your country is just the commies tool parading arms everywhere
Just like the ones that fill red square
The economy's not your concern
You'd rather watch the arms race burn

Fuckadafi...
Bring him to his knees
Fuckadafi...

"Fuckadafi" was recorded during the "Ordered To Kill" sessions in 1986 and released as a bonus track only on the European and Brazilian vinyl versions of the "Ordered To Kill" LP. It was never released before this.

The "Fuckadafi" split 7" with Barbatos was not release by the band or their record label. The band were approached by a fan/friend who asked if they minded if he did it and at the time they told him they didn't care. At War knew no details about what it was or whether it would ever be done, but it is considered an official release by the band. The "Fuckadafi" split 7" with Barbatos surfaced in the underground sometime in 2002. It is believed to have been pressed in a limited edition run of 200 red vinyl copies and 200 blue vinyl copies.

"Fuckadafi" (7in)
Recorded: 1986
Released: 1986/2002
Studio: Live Oak Sound
Producer: At War
Engineer: Jim Mikles
Cover Artwork: Unknown
Label: Triade Records
Format: 7 Inch Vinyl

Thanks to cristianguillermoc for sending track #2 lyrics.


