[Music: Varela / Lyrics: Varela]

I am the sheep in the black wool
Knock at your door, my sight you adore
Your smile so bold, my dick I wish you would hold
Dressed to impress, in my Sunday best
You think I'm great, but I'm really a piece of shit
Open your door, my manners are the best
Take you to a fancy meal, my wallet starts to appeal
Conversations great, speak about daily fate
There is no mistake, in her mouth I want to masturbate
Dinner is served, four course meal
Her sex appeal, on the table I want to commit rape
She thinks I am the estute gentleman
But little does she know, I just want to get in those pants
On the floor we dance, the onset of romance
She wants to take the chance, and start to date my ass
Yet she doesn't know the truth, I'm so fucking uncouth
I'm really quite the love, and just a skanky ass male fucking whore

After the fucking date, Take you to my house
Entice the into my door, Relax you, on my couch
Show you my other side, faked the with this gentleman shit
Now you succumb to my dick, rip the clothes off of you
I am a horny piece of shit

Grab your perky titties, I want to put them in my mouth
Caress your candy apple ass, I want to toss your salad
Rub your shaved beaver now, I want to nibble on your smelly clit
Run my hands down your legs, "Bitch, don't you shave?"

All my blood starts to run to my cock, your going to become my cum smock.
You don't know what you're about to endure, your going to become my whore.
My dick is going to menace, every single tight crevice.
Your moans and screams of agony, you bitch get down on your fucking knees
Bludgeon you with my stiff shaft smack the in the face with my mushroom cap
Beat your nostrils with my balls, phallic beat down
All my blood starts to run to my cock, your going to become my cum smock
You don't know what you're about to endure, your going to become my whore
My dick is going to menace, every single tight crevice
Your moans and screams of agony, you bitch get down on your fucking knees
And suck my cock to the best of your abilities
I lube up her ass with astro glide, now my cock will go deep inside
"Honey, isn't this a ride?", I pull out a kidney bean,
I make her open up her mouth, clean the shit off on her tongue
Don't you love the taste of your bung? "Bitch, eat that kidney bean"
Her gag reflex kicks in, now she pukes up din-din I toss her ass right on top,
all of her mucal slop. My laughter starts to take control, my cock stops taking toll
Looking at her rectal asshole, blood seeps right out of it
Now this chic can see, I'm deeply crazy, I hope her feelings are not hurt,
I just want to get my hands up your skirt, She lays on my floor
I really adore the way she squirms around in my sperm
Please stay awhile with me, we'll jam some LIVIDITY.
I want a part three, I want to blow a fatty right into your pussy
Now I am through, I cannot drop no more goo, she won't even spew
So bitch get the fuck out, Let's wrap up the night, I don't want to fight
Unless you want to be knocked in the teeth, skank I don't want no beef.
Don't take it personal, your just another peace of ass
Did you really think I had class?, "Honey, I'm a sexual pig".
Grab your purse and dress, clean up all the mess.
Could you maybe do the dishes, you just fulfilled all my sexual wishes.
Let the door hit you in the ass, call for a taxi cab.
You expect me to pick up the tab, wrong..., I ain't paying for shit

Phallic beat down!!!

Line-Up:
Chris Campbell - Bass, Vocals
Dave Kibler - Guitar, Vocals
Jordan "The Violator" Varela - Drums, Vocals
Von Young - Guitar, Vocals




