No one ever sees the puppet strings
No one ever sees the dark country
I know you’re coming for me now
I feel you coming for me now

No one ever feels
The heavy weight of lies revealed
No one ever feels
The burning towns, the burning fields

I know you’re coming for me now
I feel you coming for me now
I see that black horse coming now
I know you’re coming for me now

Subrosa is:
Rebecca Vernon: Guitar, vocals
Sarah Pendleton: Electric violin, vocals
Kim Pack: Electric violin, vocals
Dave Jones: Bass
Zach Hatsis: Drums

On this album:
Sarah Pendleton: Lyrics, death growls in bridge of “Beneath the Crown”; death growls in chorus of “Attack on Golden Mountain”; backups in “Attack on Golden Mountain” and “Borrowed Time, Borrowed Eyes”; speaking excerpts from Russian fairy tale “The Stone Flower” in “Stonecarver,” main vocals in “The House Carpenter.”
Kim Pack: All soprano backups.
Zach Hatsis: Hammered dulcimer in “Stonecarver.”
Rebecca Vernon: Chime in “Attack on Golden Mountain,” thumb piano at end of “The Inheritance.”
Bill Frost: Guitar in choruses of “The Inheritance.”
Andy Patterson: Harmonica in “Attack on Golden Mountain.”
Phil White: Death growls in “Stonecarver” and “spare me” in “Beneath the Crown.”

All members write their own parts. Main guitar riffs, vocals and lyrics are written by Rebecca Vernon, except Sarah’s vocals/lyrics mentioned above, the middle riffs of “Beneath the Crown,” written by Zach Hatsis, and “House Carpenter,” a traditional Celtic folk song.

“Borrowed Time, Borrowed Eyes” inspired by The Road by Cormac McCarthy.
“Beneath the Crown” inspired by War against the Weak: Eugenics and America’s Campaign to Create a Master Race by Edwin Black.

Recorded by Andy Patterson, Salt Lake City, May 2010. www.myspace.com/andypatterson
Mixed and mastered by Magnus “Devo” Andersson, Endarker Studios, Sweden, June 2010. www.endarker.com
CD illustration and layout by Glyn Smith, Scrawled Design, Nov. 2010. www.scrawled.co.uk

Subrosa thanks: Ola Blomkvist, Profound Lore, Andy Patterson, Magnus “Devo” Andersson, Glyn Smith, Bill Frost, Phil White, Angela Brown, SLUG Magazine, KUTV Gavin, City Weekly, Chuck Berrett, Robin and Abe of Rye Wolves, Liam Eliah, Circus Brown, Portia Early, Beneath the Frozen Soil, Kai Fischbach, Kelly Ashkettle, 8ctopus Records, Oz Yosri, Dave Bogart, Bugsy, Dark Winter Silence Productions, Nanotear Booking, XO Publicity, Monument amps, previous Subrosa members Bonie Shupe, Rachel Condie, Leena Rinne, Carri Wakefield, Julie Stutzneggar, Zoe Dimitri and Erik LeCroix, bands we’ve played with past, present and future, the SLC music scene, friends and family.




