We are heading for tomorrow
But we don't know if we're near!
Well, we back of still abhorrow
Well, we ever loose the fear!
Time has passed in the modern world
Where the madmen live and speak their word.
Life in hand they deal with god
Put a trademark sign up on everyone.
God bless the children, freedom is their word.
Freedom, freedom 'til they learn to obey.
Here come the liars, reason is their name.
Reason, reason, play a silly game.
Where will the children go tomorrow?
Is anybody there to claim
That he understands our human game?
We can make a prophecy,
Oh we can't say what is going to be.
Where are we going, and what is our aim?
Freedom, freedom locked inside our brains
So many answers, reason is their name,
Reason, reason, questions will remain
Where will the children go tomorrow?
(Longing for the future... we never look back
We're heading for tomorrow... we look straight ahead
Where will the children go tomorrow... tomorrow...
Where will the children go tomorrow... tomorrow...)
(There is a light
Uh, I can see a light
Yeah, I can see a light
Oh, can you see the light?
It's shining for tomorrow
Tomorrow... tomorrow... tomorrow)
Hey you, hey you, hey you
Hey you, where do you go? - Heading for tomorrow
Hey you, hey you, hey you
Hey you, where do you go? - Heading for my life
Hey you, where do you go? - Heading for tomorrow
Hey you, where do you go? - Heading for my life
Hey you, where do you go? - Heading for tomorrow
Hey you, where do you go!
When we are born, tell me what is our aim?
And what will be when society fails?
We are heading for tomorrow, we don't know if we are near.
When we are gone, tell me what will remain?
And what will be when society fails?
We are heading for tomorrow but we don't know if we're near!

Recorded during the 'Land of The Free '95' Tour &amp; Insanity &amp; Genius Tour (Scheepers' Years)
Oct/Nov '95 in Milano, Paris, Madrid, Pamplona and Erlangen

Line up:
Kai Hansen - Guitars, Lead Vocals
Ralf Scheepers - Lead Vocals (Songs 14 - 19)
Dirk Schlächter - Guitars, Keyboards
Jan Rubach - Bass
Thomas Nack - Drums &amp; Backing vocals




