The Morbid Will in Man is to Destroy
What is said to be the Imperishable Kingdom
For everything Hath to Perish Before Thee
Weltering In Blood of the Holy
The Matter that Destroys and Devours,
Flame red are Rays that Burst from Beneath
The Flames shall accompany my Invocations...
Satan! Satan Rise! Supreme and Merciless God!
Total Ruin of God's Realm Tempest, uttermost Dread
The Fire wich Darth and Flasheth
Through all Depths of the Universe
People hear the Voice of Fire!
We shall Desecrate the Lord Divine
Inthronization Ceremony Decapitation of the Holy
Forces of Eternal Desecration
Trempling his kingdom down to dust... Supreme and terrible God
Plague the Earth and Human Race
Tremble before Thee - For Thy Time is Nigh at hand
Feeble race of the earth to you I now come
From Ages beyond Ages From The Space beyond your Vision,
And I bring to you these words...
With Seven Pentacles consecrated in Saturn Black
A new commandment I give unto you,
That All Men shall be slain and the Heavens Burnt
A Throne of fornication, much brighter than the stars
Glory and Honour and Power Merciless Warfare and Strength
Avenge our Blood on them that dwell upon this earth
Angel of the bottomless Pit upon the radiant throne of Light
With A thousand bestial tongues that blaspheme the Name of God...
Ye all, drink from the Wine of the Wrath of the Fallen
Cast Alive into a lake of Burning Fire Fire - Our Lord's Dominion
The Realm that hath been made anew
Lord Tyrant Serpent Almighty In Battlenow Devour the Weak
Rape their Hearts with Splendor
Let them behold the Symbols and the Names of Uncreation
Forever Terror and Fear Perverted world of immense Pain
Awaken all thy Legions, whirlwinds tempestuous,
Most High Conqueror From Beyond the Outer Gates
All Gathered hosts of Deadly Hate
Immortal Headened hearts Barbaric kings, by cruelty raised,
With Specters of Black Art
Metal Blowing, martial sounds Hell's Chaos, ancient Night.
The Heavens trmble hard beneath Malignant Resurrection
Inthronizations Ceremony Decapitation of the holy
Forces of Eternal Desecration Trempling His Kingdom Down to Dust...

