Lost in the woods, a world unseen, she came to me, the fairy queen.
So frozen eyes enlighten my path, the strangest eyes I've ever met.
Yes, the fairy queen, she came to me, to reveal to me all her poetry.
Heaven burned in my cold eyes, for the touch of her I'd lose my life...
Oh fairy queen, reveal to me, I'm not the one I used to be, within these walls I'm caged by thee, my soul's forgotten into your fields.
Now I've got my queen, she dances with me and all the flowers all around me are brighter then the light, I see.
Now I walk around in her malicious paradise and golden cages and golden paths surround me.
I've never been lost in such splendour, I am so far gone and dancing in the light again...
And now that I face this I realize I'm losing the light.
It's cold in this marble walled room and as I sit twisted here with your nails brutally pierced in my flesh, full of torment I stay awake, full of torment I taste my pain, full of stupor I see your face.
The whole I gave, the whole you took and in the cathedral of lust where our prayers are consumed, it's colder.
Under our shroud of passion my blood's becoming yours, under our shroud of passion my soul's becoming...
YOURS!
When... I reach... the abyss, your cruel paradise still expects.
The distance... between us...
I'd kill...
As I need your embrace once again.
The touch of your poisonous lips through my weak mortal shell, come to me, while I sleep, your serpent kiss is my hell.
Now... I... Stay... Here... Gold... Turns... To rust... And fear... I... Behold... The mist... Appear... I... Just want... To disappear...
Now my beloved queen's no more with me, the flowers grey and the dark sets all over.
I'm alone and useless now in this malicious paradise, no one can see me as I travel so hopeless.
I'll never see again so much splendour, the day is far gone and fallen is the night once more.
So now that I can see me I realize I'll never more behold the light.

(Torments and furies of the human soul narrated in nine heart-rending stories)
- an opus conceived by HORTUS ANIMAE -

Sleaszy Rider Records, 2005

Hortus Animae:
Martyr Lucifer - Screaming, growling and clean voices. Bass, samples.
Hypnos - 6 and 7 strings lead and rhythm guitars, acoustic guitars.
Bless - Keyboards, backing clean vocals and lead vocals on "Nevermore" (bonus track).
GroM - Drums and percussion. Growls on "Adoration".
Amon 418 - Guitars, synth.

"The Blow Of Furious Winds" was recorded, mixed and mastered at Alpha / Omega Studios (Como, Italy) by Alessandro Azzali in November 2004 and February 2005.
All guitars on this album were performed by Hypnos.
"Die" choir on "The Heartfelt Murder" by Martyr Lucifer, GroM and Alex Azzali.
Violin on "Adoration", "Gothic Ghost" and "Bible Black" performed by Moonbeam of Iblis.
Vocals on "Summoning Of The Muse" by Liv Kristine Espenaes Krull, courtesy of Leaves' Eyes / Napalm Records. Recorded at Mastersound Studio (Fellbach, Germany) by Alexander Krull (bonus track).
Reproduced dialogue on "Gothic Ghost" taken from "Memento", courtesy of Columbia Tristar.
"Windfall introducing Summoning Of The Muse" was originally released on the Black Lotus Records album "Tribute To Dead Can Dance / The Lotus Eaters" (bonus track).
Produced by Alessandro Azzali &amp; Hortus Animae.
Band-photos by Barbara Lisi.
Models: Bebe (throat-cut girl), Gloria (headless bride), Cristina (head), Stefy Witch (stabbed girl), Gaia (throat-cut girl 2).
Costumes by Lady Camelot / Rimini
Band-photo's location kindly offered by Gallo at Osteria del Vizio (RN).
Front-cover, artwork and layout by Fabio Timpanaro
"Making Of" video-track accomplished by Alessandro Durelli (bonus track).
GroM uses PAISTE cymbals and IDEAS FOR DRUMMERS custom sticks.
Music by Hortus Animae / Lyrics by Martyr Lucifer, except:
The Mud And The Blood (Music by Hortus Animae / Lyrics by Martyr Lucifer and Jacek Moszynski).
Across The Sea Of Pain (Music by Lorenzo Bartolini, Hortus Animae / Lyrics by Thomas, Martyr Lucifer and GroM).
In Adoration Of The Weeping Skies (Music by Lorenzo Bartolini, Hortus Animae / Lyrics by Martyr Lucifer).
The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke / Nevermore (Music and lyrics by F. Mercury). (bonus track)
Windfall &amp; Summoning Of The Muse (Written by B. Perry and L. Gerrard) (bonus track).




