In sands of Nile I came to this world
Blind sight of Horus lie upon me like a ghost

In sands of Nile I came to this world by will of gods
Blind sight of Horus lie upon me like shadow, like a ghost
I were in temples that behold the rise of man
I saw a creatures that drains life from yellow sands
Someone said: you cannot be a prophet in your land
And I saw her eyes somewhere in the crowd...

She finds me dying between dunes
So helpless, pity, with bleeding wounds
She kneel on sand and hold my hand
I look into depths of lakes of her eyes

Gods are laughing of me, but I was blind
Like Horus, which gives me his sign
She kiss me deep with her roses like lips
My heart stop beating, I cannot breath...

She finds me dying between dunes
So helpless, pity, with bleeding wounds
She kneel on sand and hold my hand
I look into depths of lakes of her eyes
Her whisper was so soothe so soft
I feel her rose smell in depths of my soul
In dreams I saw her face million times
I love her all my mortal heart
Gods are laughing of me, but I was blind
Like Horus, which gives me his sign
She kiss me deep with her roses like lips
My heart stop beating, I cannot breath...
I was falling...

I'm falling down into depths of hell
I feel the colors flying through my head
Around my face in freak vertigo
Like flames of marshes in lightless limbo
Upside down in danse macabre
Inverted, pierced, pinned, smashed
Heavenly voices and devilish laughts
Where is my God, where are you now?!

Where are you now!?!

My mind is like maze of pain, I'm looking through the time
I step on the water, My power is divine!

I'm seeking you through centuries
I'm seeking you through time and death...

Where are you now...?

I am no longer man you makes me beast inside a lamb
"I'll give you immortal life and I must leave this pity land"
Why you choose me for life in suffering?
"Because your love is strong my blood will forever live"

Black claws of fury are tearing my soul
My kingdom is vanished, my angels are gone
My immortal spirit lives for an aeon and it's see
How blood soak into soil and hunger growing in me

Whole my immortal life I live like a rat in gloom
I'm falling down in madness in never ending doom
Why you left me in sorrow emptiness
My wounds will never bleed remains without your kisses
Blind Old-One will you take me?
I want to share your dreams!

