[Harris / Dickinson]

The demon in your mind will rape you in your bed at night
The wisdom of ages, the lies and outrages concealed

Time it waits for no man
My future it is revealed
Time it waits for no man
My fate is sealed

If I cancel tomorrow the undead will thank me today
Fly in the face of the prophets I mock your morality plays

The moon is red and bleeding
The sun is burned and black
The book of life is silent
No turning back

Only the good die young
All the evil seem to live forever
Only the good die young
All the evil seem to live forever
Only the good die young
Only the good die young

Mystery madman, a victim of cruel charade
Some innocent pawn in an end game, one more stalemate

Is death another birthday?
A way to kiss your dreams goodbye?
Do the undead live within us?
And look through our eyes?

Walking on water are miracles all you can trust
Measure your coffin does is measure up to your lust?

So I think I'll leave you
With your bishops and your guilt
So until the next time
Have a good sin

Only the good die young
All the evil seem to live forever
Only the good die young
All the evil seem to live forever
Only the good die young
Only the good die young

Seven deadly sins
Seven ways to win
Seven holy paths to hell

Seven downward slopes
Seven bloodied hopes
Seven are your burning fires
Seven your desires

Bruce Dickinson: vocals;
Dave Murray: lead and rhythm guitars;
Adrian Smith: lead and rhythm guitars, synth;
Steve Harris: bass, string synth;
Nicko McBrain: drums.

Produced, engineered and mixed by Martin 'Disappearing Armchair' Birch.
Recorded at Musicland Studios, Munich, Germany.
2nd engineer: Stephane 'The Vardengrip' Wissner.
Bernd Mailer, Studio Boffin.

Mastered by George Marino at Sterling Sound, New York.
All titles published by Zomba Music Publishers Ltd.
Sleeve concept and design: Derek Riggs and Rod Smallwood.
Sleeve illustrations: Derek Riggs.
Photography: Ross Halfin.
Packaging: The Complete Works.
Iron Maiden are managed by Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor for Sanctuary Music.
Lyrics reproduced by kind permission.

Iron Maiden F.C.:
Stamped addressed envelope / international reply coupon to Japan, Shinjuki-ku, Shinjuki, Yubinyoki-Dome, Tokyo 160.
Rest of world: 12 Deerpark Road, Wimbledon, London SW 19 3TU.

Thanks to totoadlat for correcting tracks ## 1, 5, 6, 8 lyrics.
Thanks to semn007 for correcting tracks ## 1, 7, 8 lyrics.
Thanks to rafael.martinelli, loothers, totoadlat and others for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to reekorl for correcting track #3 lyrics.
Thanks to danielespejelperez, totoadlat, lucas_gonzaga for correcting track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to daniel.cabral for correcting tracks ## 6, 7 lyrics.
Thanks to edvlieland, totoadlat for correcting track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to blkmesa666 for correcting track #8 lyrics.


