Wrath!
Cannot understand what's going on
He tells me to kill, to slay them all
To make them suffer, to make them die
The mask now controls, my weak mind

[chorus:]
Now I know it is a bit too late
Morbid fate - die in pain
Nobody helps me, cannot escape
Morbid fate, die in... pain !

[verse I:]
I - I am your master
I - I am your king
I - I rule your
mind - you belong to me

Rape that bitch, make her bleed
Kill her child, suffocate him
Shoot that fucker, rip his flesh
Tear his genitals, kick his head

[repeat chorus]

[verse II]
He - he is my master
He - he is my king
He - he rules my
mind - I am him !!!

Pain !!!
I wear it now, feel my hate
I cut your throat, I exterminate
I am morbid, I am insane
I eat excrements, feel my fucking... blade

[Repeat chorus]

[repeat verse I]

Face your morbid fate, hohohoo... arrgghhh !!!

Mika Luttinen's letter
This letter came in the CD booklet of the
limited edition of "Tol Cormpt Norz Norz Norz" CD

Dear listener,
You are holding in your hands the re-release of I.N.'s debut CD. Since
this release has extra material and the original cover, some things
need to be explained, only to point the truth out of this release.

For some odd reason, people tend to see our band as one of the black
metal/neo-nazi bands that are now taking the role in world wide
underground scene. This original cover is a picture taken from a 2nd
World War propaganda picture book, which in fact has been released in
England at war time; this picture stands against nazism.

To say it shortly: Our band has nothing to do neo-nazism or
whatever. We are not part of the trendy black metal scene where only
"action behind the music" seems to be important, where only true
people are spreading their senseless "laws" and where brainless
iidiots are eating all the shit they are being offered.

Before entering the subject of extra tx on this very CD, I
would like you all to think with our OWN brains. Do not believe all
the stupid, senseless rumours which are going around about our band.
Impaled Nazarene is four sane human beings, we are not demonic seed
from the very pits of hell.

As for extra tx, first you find Sadogoat ep which was recorded
at the same time as our debut. Since it is sold out we thought it
would be cool to release it as CD format as well. Next can be found
our 1st ep, Goat Perverson, the ep we regret we made. As most of you
know, there are Nosferatu "Records" flyers around telling bullshit of
me and our band. The fact is that Roberto Cannavo ripped us off and I
wished it would have been only us, but we got over 150 letters from
all around the world with people complaining they didn't receive
anything from Nosferatu. And these people sent in money may I remind
you. Anyhow, we got from N.R. $250 for the studio, having to produce
over 75% of the studio costs by ourselves. Mr Cannavo also fucked up
our front/back cover and the sound on the ep. Those unfortunates, who
happen to own this ep, are finally able to hear it the way it was
meant to sound. Included is also Sarcofago's cover track which wasn't
supposed to be on the original ep but naturally such an unprofessional
company as Nosferatu, the track was printed without being mentioned on
the back cover.

Speaking of which, Cannavo had guts to put down other labels when
he was just a rip-off himself. And to avoid misunderstandings, we have
nothing against Sinoath.

Finally included is our demo tape, Taog Eht Fo Htao Eht, sold out, 666
copies. Since its sold out, those who want to hear it can do so yet
with better quality. Perhaps you can hear how we have improved from
the demo days too.

We thank you Osmose Productions for giving us opportunity to
release this in its orginal form. We believe in freedom of expression
and speech. USE OUR BRAINS !

Mika Luttinen/Impaled Nazarene - 14.10.1993


