In a world of increasing international crises 
and internal corruption, 
nation rises against nation around the world and sin abounds at home. 
World powers aim an ever-increasing array 
of complex 
nuclear weapons 
at each other while they speak of peace. 
The world at war seems incredibly imminent. 
While the stage is set for a global holocaust, 
an unsuspecting home audience 
ignorantly sings a blissful tune. 
The world's moral fiber is being eaten away 
by a playboy philosophy 
that makes personal pleasure 
the supreme rule of life. 
Hedonism catches fire while homes crumble. 
Crime soars while the church grows sour. 
Drugs, divorce, and debauchery prevail 
and decency dies. 
Frivolity dances in the streets. 
Faith is buried. 
"In God we trust" 
has become a meaningless slogan 
stamped on corroding coins. 
(In this world of crisis and chaos, the Prophet Habakkuk speaks with
clarity. Heed his admonition. Heed his warning.)
Take heart for through intercession, 
worry transforms to worship, 
fear turns to faith, 
terror becomes trust. 
Doubts resolved with hope 
and anguish melts into adoration. 
Then the heart can rest in the surety that Christ is King, 
(and patiently await His return.)
Come Lord Jesus! 
Emanuel! 
Come Lord Jesus
Bring Your Glory! 
Come Lord Jesus! 
Emanuel!
Come Lord Jesus!
Bring Your Justice!

[As in the times of Habakkuk, we are likewise living in a world that is
coming apart at the seams. We are surrounded by sever injustice and the
injustices of the world are not limited to the third world. They are on
our doorsteps. Habakkuk petitioned the Lord... he cried out for justice,
for the weak to be fought for and for the world’s aggressors to be made to
account for their wrongdoings. The Lord replies by proclaiming woe over
those with blood on their hands who refuse to accept blame and repent. Our
God is merciful, slow to anger and abundantly patient. He never destroys
without forewarning and we have been warned over and over.]

