(The line drawn in the sand has begun to fade.
Tempest further pushes the limitations of this heresy,
Burying existence of alotted boundary.)
desecration.
A crime punishable by eradication,
Summoning thee to reclaim thy realm.
Provoking the olden ones unto their return.
To eliminate the line and it's trespasser.
A plea.
A sacrifice to the immortals.
The catalyst...
A promise of atonement in glory, of restitution in grandeur.
Arrive at last, to set thy accord in motion.
A plea.
A sacrifice to the immortals.
The skies now fall.
The oceans have run dry.
The winds breathe disease.
The flames purge the land.
A sight that has been revisited over and over again.
Divergent realms and it's universes paralleled, doomed to the same fate.
Waves colliding in vibration.
It's Resonance washing upon every planet, as they swallow themselves whole.
When such horrors become reality, what is the omniscient to feel?
Detached. Deceased. Indifferent.
In mind's eye.
The catalyst...
A promise of atonement in glory, of restitution in grandeur.
When such horrors become reality, what is the omniscient to feel?
Detached. Deceased. Indifferent.
In mind's eye.
The light of Earth quivers upon restoration.
Pestilence.
War.
Famine.
Death.
The light of Earth quivers upon restoration.
A candle burning at both ends, dissipation nears.
As the ancients paid no mind...
Man toiled away in shadows, in conquest and surveillance of it's own.
Ye bastards, foolish children accrediting themselves as kings...
An act of treason to one's patrons.
Justice hath brought penance for such debauchery,
Bestowing unto them a noose
and no other hand to tie the knot but one's own.
Ye bastards, foolish children accrediting themselves as kings...
In punishment, the civilization swings, choking on it's own weight.
(Lunacy overcoming the dream state in asphyxia,
Poisoning the remaining cells of the hive mind.
Madness runs rampant as a regression unfolds.
Attributes of primal ancestry as it was...engulfed in chaos.)
A final gaze unto the cosmic jury,
The amaranthine council.
Deafening with it's cries of castigation.

