[Music: M. Tervonen. Lyrics: M. Olsfelt/M. Tervonen]

A distant place - Where once we all lived like slaves
Stolen of our mind and thoughts we were left there naked - Living dead
Forbidden need - To taste the fruits of the knowledge tree
Serving on our knees we will as long as we're not breaking free

The Serpent temptates our souls:
- Free yourselves from the chains of God, Eat this my gift and be your own lords!
Release of what lies entombed:
The divine wisdom in all of us no longer a secret to ourselves

Every day is like the day the ungodly touched my soul to say:
- Defeat the Dog who's crushing all your needs!
Every day you see my pain and turn your other cheek away
The tears I shed - Will not to be unsaid!

Wonam and Man - Driven out from the sacred orchards
Just like Lucifer - The fallen one, was cast out of heaven high
The Serpent garden - Is the covenant between us
Together forever in an unholy war against the almighty tyrant of enslavement

The Serpent has saved our souls
Freed us from the hains of God and given us gifts for us to be our own lords
Punished by flood and plagues
Brought upon us in envy of God from what we have become now

Christian slaves want to erase their mind
Longing back to the "heaven" of mental hell
They praise the tyrant every night and day
They despise the Serpent, freedom of souls and us the unholy ones
Who are not born to follow any law but our will and desire

The Serpent - Glittering black
Bites a hole in my soul and creawls insie
Knowledge - Unleashed in me - Try to find the ungodly in you
God Dog! - Confront me now
And face the pain that I will spit on your light
Deathbound - Is what we are - I close my eyes now I dream of hell

The Serpent words are calling - It's blood still "poison" me
My Serpent words are calling And your paradise is falling - Down!

[Lead: M. Sunesson]

The Serpent temptates our souls:
- Free yourselves from the chains of God, eat this my gift and be your own lords!
Release of what lies entombed:
The divine wisdom in all of us no longer a secret to ourselves

Every day is like the day the ungodly touched my soul to say:
- Defeat the Dog who's crushing all your needs!
Every day you see my pain and turn your other cheek away
Of fire reborn in the Serpent garden
To be free from God's grasp.

