The ice castle of fire
Oh, horned god of the north, Nanta,
And great mother of earth, holy Herta!
I adjure you,
Let me through, open the gates,
I shall keep the path in secret.

Let me percieve the mysteries
Of the eternal gods,
That came from the stars on a Milky Way.
The earth sings in blue light.
I shall release the sword of witchery.

There, where the Lord of light dies in chaos,
In the cold desert of Utlend.
I shall find the seven keys and open
The door to the dark gods.
The earth split open before me,
The Goatlord hears my words.

Oh, Betom, Lord of the storm,
Red lion, show me your power.
Open the gates, let me in,
Where the storm is roaring.
Let me find the magical power,
The Great King's Scepter.

In your desert, where land dies in fire.
Where in a fire hurricane rages the storm,
There lies the darkness beneath
The gates of the worlds.
I shall open the gates
And there shall I find the magical power.
So stroke the thunder and roared the storm,
Lord Betom has heard my call.

A candle shall I light in the East,
And wings of dark shall lift me up.
I can feel the body of a beautiful woman caressing me,
And my masculine force is fulfilling her.
The trembling of her thights in divine extasy,
And the knife of mercy in her body.
The moon goddess dies to resurrect again.
Oh, Lord Exarp, open the gates,
Let find the dagger of magic under the tree of creation.

And the sea rose up in the presence of the Eternal one,
And chaos shall some to rule forever
Where people go when meet death,
Where death forever dwells and
Where there is no turning back.
The shining silver dragon rolls,
Offering me the cup of absolute power of the black lotus.
The one who shall enter the realm
The realm of death and come back
Shall be named "The Serpent" once again
And the Ancient King shall rise in his soul.
Love with a dead woman, the deadly poison,
The breath of Zernunos, Ergot, mandrake and blood.
The Great Dragon, the Silver Lord rose from
The depth of chaos and lift me up on his wings.
We took the path of the elder gods.
And dark stars shone again,
Four castles raised from oblivion.
Satarial, I call you by thy ancient name!
Satarial, by thy name I open the gates!
Satarial, shall the souls of the unbelievers be frozen!

Satarial shall bring you
Back to life, yo let you
Avenge yourselves
For being forgotten!

