[Lyric: Carmine Filizzola &amp; Alessandro Chiappetta, music: Alessandro Chiappetta &amp; Carmine Filizzola]

[Part I: Entering The Third Dimension]

Through the screams and blood,
Labour, pain and spasms
Of our helpless mothers
We come into this world.

Falsity, lies and fears,
Anguish and diseases
They are what prevails
In this cruel dimension.

Serenity,
Surrounded by amniotic fluid,
Protected from what is outside,
We're safely inside the placenta.
I would never be out of there!

Don't let die the Child within yourself
Because the others will think to do it.
Carry on to be amazed by smallest things
So that around all can seem great.

The mechanical nature
To which we're subject
Makes us forget that
We are living beings.

Since our childhood
We've been looking for the answers,
But they've to be found through questions,
Not through the faith.

Liberty,
All of us are born in this condition,
Entrapped from what is outside.
A clean cut of the umbilical cord
Marks the beginning of our lives.

Don't let die the Child within yourself
Because the others will think to do it.
Carry on to be amazed by smallest things
So that around all can seem great.

[Part II: The Conscious Machine]

From inside the assembly line I watch the Universe,
While my mind crystallizes a remarkable man.

We are enslaved by false ideologies and myths that don't belong to us of course.
Creeds and mystifications have steered the mankind from the fall to self-annihilation.

Born to be alone and too often left to die.
Life is a battle in which we've not allies.
Let's take up arms to fight only employing our inner strength!
'Cause sublime goals are reached going against the tide.

Our lives flow like scraps on a conveyor belt
And our eyes have lost the way to cross in looks.

We are conditioned by false needs and wishes that have frozen our reactions.
Money, standardizations have steered the mankind from the fall to self-annihilation.

Live to stand united erasing all diversity.
The Awareness is the only way to achieve the Eternity.
There will be no rivers to which we will return
Until we have the strength to look inside ourselves.

