She was the diamond in the lands to the south,
beauty so blinding that men dared not see,
a smile inspiring tales of angels,
enthralling the men so they fall to their knees.

To the north of the mountains, thirsty of brew,
a heathen with the strength of ten bears.
Slaying crusaders 'till the hangover strikes.
Setting his heart on a maiden in the south.

Who'd have thought I'd fall for a heathen,
but he is the man in my heart.

Can this love be nurtured
Our worlds will collide
On opposite sides of a war we are chained
We'll break the chains
and taint our blood
It is not tainted when the heart is pure.

I am a heathen, or so I am called by the mob
- the masses that kneel down in fear
I have consumed the most bitter of wine
The wine of defeat and deception

On the fields of our mothers, the ground is now soaked
in the blood of the brothers who died for our home.
Our cause was shattered, in pain we are left
The vile stench of this plague will not fade.

A man in my heart that my own won't approve
a devil is made of his name
The men of my kin that my heart won't approve
the kinship must be in the past

Can this love be nurtured
Our worlds will collide
On opposite sides of a war we are chained
Our own will break us
and spoil what we have
We can not stay where the hearts breed hate.

On her way, she's wandering merry
So merry, so full of joy and of doubt
Wondering, -thinking
Will he embrace me?

Over the top,
At last she can see the valley,-
The valley where lover is awaiting in lust
But thoughts of their families makes her mind and heart rust
She is so weary, a pond is in sight.
A nice place to rest before they share their night.
In the water reflection a shadow appears.

A relentless legion uniting
to forge the fate of our kin
Crawl under it's skin
in the blood-pool of treason, oppression and sin
Let the bloodshed of tyrants begin

Can this hate be nurtured
Our worlds did collide
On opposite sides of a war we were chained
I'll break their wills
And spill their blood
It is not treason when the hate is pure.

Kneel and receive your salvation from hell [repeat]

