Suffer Inside.

Assurance is fading, our barriers breaking.
We're all stuck with darkened views.
Don't trust the light from the box of lies.
It's taking our toll with our hope concealed in our silence.
We're all forsaken, shielded from veracity.

Held back from the truth.
This is nothing new, just a vicious circle that we're accustomed to plead guilty,
To all that you do.
Just look a little deeper and you will find the truth.

A new anomaly, blinded theory.
Sitting back while they laugh and make no sound.
Losing all our chances...
We've got no time, to cushion our fall.
Forget all you know...
Because it has no use, no meaning anymore.
The answers do not lie in deciet...
That we've been sold, we've sold our souls for gold.
Thrown our only way our hope for freedom.
They bear no hope for us, we've lost all meaning.

Remember, you are not the only one who understands.
We're transcending into miscommunication on a mass scale.
Just tell us the truth, we need some details.
We're lied to believe we are the broken ones...
Being pushed around by this propaganda.
You are living in, an unjustified state of mind.

Fears living, your breathing, your bleeding.
Controversy drives our reasons for caring.
We're lost in a state of media run mind control.
The evidence doesn't add up, concealed in your call.

This heaven, it's a sickening paradise covered in too many loop holes...
For the government with their irrational decisions covered by lies...
Portrayed in our concealed media stations.
One step away from our contolling feelings.
Confused and bordered our loss of meaning.

Prescibe us, not reasons to live in fear.
They bear no hope for us, we've lost all meaning.
Concentrate your service to our hope, no control.
All for show, your for show, and you are wasting all your time on insult.

Prescribe us, not for reasons to live in fear.
They bear no hope for us, we've lost all meaning.

The truth is...

This heaven, it's a sickening paradise covered in too many loop holes...
For the government with their irrational decisions covered by lies...
Portrayed in our show.

