[Digital Edition Bonus Track][Music &amp; lyrics written by Dimitar Argirov]

My mind is black, my soul is white,
I have no fear, i see it clear into the night.
My hair it black, my face is white,
I'm not affraid, without a shame I live my life.

My music makes me feel alright,
unspoken words - into my head, into my heart.
I love you all, oh God, bless my friends!
You are my future, you are my present, you are my past.

All my world is black and white.

My eyes are black, my hands are white,
I'm all the same, i play my game, so look at me now.
My clothes are black, my ass is white,
don't be affraid of me, I’m your best friend.

I only wanna rock'n Roll!
To play my songs only for you, with my metal band.
What you believe, i understand,
all you wanna hear, all you wanna see - that's what i am.

All my world is black and white.

[Chorus:]
Black and white is tearing my soul now.
Black and white, i’m giving you all.
Alone and proud, i’ll never blame anyone.
I’ll be with you, when I come undone.

[Guitar solo]

[Chorus:]
Black and white is tearing my soul now.
Black and white, i’m giving you all.
Alone and proud, i’ll never blame.
I’ll be with you, again and again.

Black and white, all my world is black and white.
Black and white, all my world is black and white.

All my world is black and white.

Matteo Calza – Guitars &amp; Backing vocals
Filippo Spezia – Bass &amp; Backing vocals
Andrea Cassinari – Drums
Dimmi Argus – Vocals &amp; Keyboards

Track 3 &amp; 7 recorded at Music Manor Studio, Brescia, Italy
The rest of the album is recorded at Tanzan Music Studio, Lodi, Italy
Mixed at Tanzan Music Studio by Daniele Mandelli
Mastered by Timo Tolkki At Studiotolkki, Helsinki, Finland
Album cover by IlyK Design &amp; Photography, Sofia, Bulgaria

Bad Dream is the first long play album of the Italian band Dimmi Argus. The album contains 11 songs, one of which is a Black Sabbath cover and one is a bulgarian folklore song with heavy metal arrangement. There is one single from the album “Wish I Could”, published by Tanzan Music and reliesed digitally by FreeMood Promotion on 29.06.2012. The style it from hard rock to melodic and heavy metal. The album is published by Tanzan Music, released by FreeMood Promotion on 03.05.2013 and produced by D.Argirov/M.Calza/A.Cassinari/F.Spezia. The recordings are made in Italy from december 2011 to july 2012 in the Tanzan Music studio, except track 3 &amp; 7, recorded at Music Manor studio. All tracks mixed at Tanzan Music studio by Daniele Mandelli and mastered by Timo Tolkki at Studiotolkki, Helsinki, Finland. The previous album is “Black And White” - an EP published by Double D Music in 2010. The band has also one live DVD “Live At Rock Bar Fans”, reliesed by Madafakar Enerprises in 2011. Dimi Argus is founded in 2007 by Dimmi Argus (Birth name Dimitar Argirov) – a singer, composer and producer with bulgarian origins.

All songs 2013 © Tanzan Music Ed. Musicali (SUISA), except "Into the void".

All rights reserved !




