A vicious she-wolf
On the prowl for prey
So beautiful
But utmost deadly
Her lush ripe shape
A promise of fever
In a cloak of blackest velvet
Hypnotized
There's no pack to stalk behind her
A solitary Queen
No single thought wasted on others
Preying the male to fit her likes
Beware her when she strikes!
"I promise love so pure!"
-But deep in your mind there's just festering hatred
"My body longs for you!"
-Until your thirst for my lifeblood is saturated
"Your happiness I'll share!"
-But the cancer of envy is gnawing relentless
"I'll be forever there!"
-As long the slave is obeying the will of the Empress
"You'll do what pleasures me!"
-Just like Sisyphus eternally carrying the boulder
"There's no one next to me!"
-Except for the wicked imp perched on your shoulder
"Mirror, mirror on the wall am I the loveliest of all?"
Somewhere, some time, some place
Might be a prettier face!
Oh sweet Discordia
Mischief be thy name!
When we are dancing and feasting in moments of joy
We fail to notice rank odors of jealousy pass by
A sweet fruit that has grown by our labour and soil Is attracting the maggot on a mission to spoil
The 13th fay we did not invite
So Discordia forced her way inside
At the feasts very climax she was shedding her mask
To deliver her poison
Discordia, wicked seductress, from all grace you fell
You're the witch with the spindle, unleashing the spell
A withered hag in the guise of a harlot
Repulsive but beguiling
Winding and slithering
A charming leech
Gorging itself on your very essence
Rosebud was sleeping like a corpse on a hearse
But nobody came to lift off the curse
She slept hundred years in a flowers bouquet
But there was no Prince Charming to take her away
Unable to hear, unable to see
Cut off from the world, dead but dreaming
An utmost deadly barrier of thorns
To keep out her saviour
"Your happiness I'll share!"
-But the cancer of envy is gnawing relentless
"I'll be forever there!"
-As long the slave is obeying the will of the Empress
"You'll do what pleasures me!"
-Just like Sisyphus eternally carrying the boulder
"There's no one next to me!"
-Except for the wicked imp perched on your shoulder
"Mirror, mirror on the wall am I the loveliest of all?"
Blindfolded I was and a stake pierced my heart
The curse of the witch tore my senses apart
I will unsheath my sword now and raise it in wrath
To cut down the hedge of thorns right in my path
I embrace the beauty that was hidden inside
And kiss the cold skin of my still sleeping bride
All that was denied in the end shall awake
And Discordia will finally roast at the stake
Oh Discordia
You're known by thousand names
Oh Discordia
And still a dream remains

