Sleep....for....life
Fear shreds, your internal logistics system
You are just a pawn/fool, driven by a disturbance
inside your mindscape
It is, the consuming unknown that awaits you
And you, cry, for you cannot escape the ache...
...the void is nearly here...
Nerves are, tested by a circumstance invented by the
mere existence of our world
You can feel that there's something more than just
progressing life while
you neighbour will deny, deny, deny!
You awaken and you're shaken by the dim reality that
becomes you, and consumes your mind
That death is real and you will soon hold it in
An embrace so tight you can't let it go.
You want to believe in something higher...
Social derision...blindfolded vision...need for decision...
Nothings eternal...belief is infernal...you god is internal.
You may not exist soon so enjoy it while you can.
The power is in your hands in that
deciding moment of your sad life. Controlled by
a thing called time only fates forces can decide.
Rotting before you've even died swept away by the
fear inside.....Sleep....lie!...
This is, something they don't tell anyone when
they're born but, once you think for yourself your test
begins! If you try you can suffer less if you deny,
Looking at the sky, sky, sky!
You can read someone elses way of getting by ,but
you'll have to buy, buy buy!
It will soothe your pain, 'til you wake again
You will feel the reign, of the dark
.....They all believe in lies - lies - why?
Is it so hard for them to see, logical reality - we bleed,
we die - there's nothing once you've finished life.
Tearing knife - wrists are sliced - decreased time
those who can't defy.
It is just a door that opens and swallows you inside.
You are just another one of us don't think you get to
decide. Don't think you'll wander somewhere when
you're rotting in the ground.
You'll be where there's nothing called taste-
sight-feel or fucking sound.
Don't waste time - savour your life - it's all you have-
as part of "man".....Now is the time to live for!
You are your guide for there's no-one but you
who can tell you how to be. I fear death so don't feel
alone, I don't judge those who cry.
We are all brothers in metal we already rule the world now
....Sleep....you're free!!!
The colour of sleep

