Beyond the eye of twilight, there is a black zodiac.
Feast of flesh, my blood coined our dominion.
My blood it spills overflowing the chalice of god.
Feel our philosophy a predatory, Inverted Jesus.
Soul and mind, under our oath midnight.
Power shrouds over all mysteries now abound.
Inverted and dead is your Jesus
Where in time the bells now toll 9.
Under our new Law that we call

The “Dominion” pleasures are forever.
Stronger than religion, we’re solidified by time.
For here is where the angles cry under blood red skies.
Reflections, Time and Space.
A Consecration now takes place.
We are the ones upon this world
Who formulate and transformate.

Way before christianiy forced the minds of societies,
It was in secrecy where we would bind ritual rites.
History unfolds in time, collectively channeling.
The Ocularus Infernus, your eye of hell is opening.
Symbolized Antichrist ~ Never baptized wiser with time.
Black Magick ~ The L.H.P., A nocturnal ecstasy.

Cast out deep in the night, forming sins of delight.
Unlock torment and lies, recreate every and all by nine.
Time and again revelations start and begin.
Born incest to consummate the first infant blood red.
Truth and perception, channeling life.
Form ~ Transform...Recreation.
Odium 666 Infernal vessel.

Inevitably I am to be your infernal balancing.
Perceived now by trickery a scapegoat of blasphemy.
A Devil now that takes form evolving upon this world,
Transparency ~ Telepathy. Eternal suffering.
Inverted is your Jesus! Inverted is your Jesus!

Time of transformation, black blood satin
At midnight demonic soul possession.
My blood it spills overflowing the chalice of god.
Feel our philosophy a predatory, Inverted Jesus.
Soul and mind, under our oath midnight ~ Fire...Fire...Fire…

I am the Demon older than time,
I am the Demon from your church of lies.
A Satanic America.
My blood it spills overflowing the chalice of god.
Feel our philosophy a predatory, Inverted Jesus.

