Whispers invoke the artists of this tragically seemless ill fated tapestry. Blistered fingers are tending their loom. She collects the strands to braid in to lives. Loggin the weft of an ageless woven infinity. Countless raw fibers are clawing the frame. A woman's work is never done. But the final stitch has got to come and so three witches contend to slice the very last thread.
That you curse, curse constantly. Tie the knot.

Nothing's immortal, and comfort is not guaranteed. A yearling that bears our sincere passions, is chosen, frozen and quivering, like the thread in the wake of a blade.

And so we compromise, so we sacrifice.

Compromise nothing, but that which secures a comfortable life. Risk as an indication of a healing sacrifice. Destroy the altar whose boundaries tides will never exceed. Ignite the pyres, underneath a sedated mythology.

Five decades his lifetime, and his life's work faded scratches in stone. She tends to numerals, counting fingers, counting her toes. Keeping track of the time racing years wasting. Dance to the sound of his weight bearing back breaking. Infinite ages the length of this quilts making. And we dance, and we dance in the stronghold... that you curse, curse constantly.

Do you feel this thin strand resting in a pinch? Held strong by the needle's sheen. Thats the thread that you curse. That you curse constantly. 

An eternal patch on a quilt that hangs from a wall in a throw frought with our decay. An eternal patch frought with our decay, remembered forever til it goes away. From 6 states away, 5 years of guilt postmarked 4 days before my escape. My dad's favorite novel on top of the pile in this self conscious shake the memory of his smile. Igniting these volumes, igniting these volumes I'm warmed by the flames.

Alter the deafening earthen tones, in the nervous light, I dance in the nervous light and I'm warmed by the flames. Dance to the sound of his weight bearing back fucking breaking. Slowly breaking.

Dictate the deafening earthen tones

Alter the pitch of his weight bearing back breaking

We can dictate the pitch of our weight bearing back breaking

Alter the tone of your weight bearing back breaking

We can mend all the seams that were torn during our backs slowly breaking.

In the nervous light, the nervous light of Sunday.




