Implement, irreligion yellowbrick roads
Atheist, nonbelievers do they suppose
Fantasies concrete pillars demonic play
Warranty souls forgotten, could we expire

The rime is thin
Submerged in sin
Will they transpire
The lake of fire

Diligent perseverance, earthly unrest
Cautiously many footsteps, could be the last
Age ascends quick upon us, who will descend
Questions of life external, who'll reprimand

The rime is thin
Submerged in sin

Will they transpire
The lake of fire

Implement, irreligion yellowbrick roads
Atheist, nonbelievers do they suppose
Fantasies concrete pillars demonic play
Warranty souls forgotten, could we expire

The rime is thin
Submerged in sin
Will they transpire
The lake of fire

Paul Speckmann is Master:
Vocals &amp; Bass - Paul Speckmann
Drums - Aaron Nickeas
Guitar - Paul Masvidal

Executive producer: Markus Staigeer
Produced by Scott Burns &amp; Paul Speckmann
Engineered &amp; mixed by Scott Burns
Recorded at Morrisound Recording:
Tampa, Florida, August 1991
Title by J.R.Daly
Cover by Nuclear Blast
All words by Paul Speckmann
All music by Paul Speckmann except

Backing vocals on "Submerged In Sin" &amp; "Latitudinarian" by John Tardy
Lead Guitar on "Whose Left To Decide" by John Ortega

John Tardy appears courtsy of Obituary
Paul Masvidal appears courtesy of Cynic / Death

1992 Nuclear Blast (NB 054 CD)

Thus the heavens and the earth, and all the host of them were finished.
And on the seventh day god ended his work which he had done and he rested on
the seventh day from all his work which he had done.
Then god blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because in it he rested
from all his work which god had created and made.
During this dark slumber where the streams of evermore flow his work would now
be completed. Simultaneous  to this darkness would arise, on the very day
he blessed and sanctified, the seed of truth. Thus would begin the duality of
good and evil, heaven and hell.
For on the seventh day god created... master. Master the torch of truth in the
heavens where the blessed ascend, as in the pits of hell stabbing the hearts
of a weakened society. Master tormenting with hatred lust and envy whilst
compassionate to those who suffer these absurdities.
Master aware of the mary cult of prayer, and a devil cult of spells and
excorism  attends while man walks continuously on the thin crust of the
bottomless pit. Sometimes breaching the pit and descending to that dark and
foulsmelling prison filled with demons and lost souls and fire and smoke
presided over by satan.
Master echoes "an exodus from master, he lost and cursed prepare for purgatory
and thou shall be the guide. For not the gods of heaven nor the devils of hell
will have you. Master will guide you that credulous journey where you will
bathe in bloodd and dance among the stars into that eternal slumber."


