Their screams came as if to blame the ones chosen in their names
Only in bonds will they rejoice
Open are their mouths and hands
Composed, exposed around demand
The Victim Cult will share one voice

But I remain
To toil and feign
While the fawns tread through their lives
And I remain
In a system that's gained
Fro the blood of the brave
And the belief in a man without equals

They toil the earth with tools that were stolen
Broken, broken

A broken standard set upon
The drive inside that spurs us on
The right to walk a path to be
Far from the gathering

Live with and live without
To mark the path with faith or doubt
Broken hands from stolen gains
Pull the strings and link the chains

And now we cry for the million suns that have set before their prime
And the weary weep in silence in awe

The ones chosen in their name
Open their mouths and hands
Composed/exposed around demand

Only in bonds will they rejoice
The victim cult all share one voice

Hope runs out
Ego is slain in a lecherous game
They stand firm
Open the throats from which all wisdom came
Warning and faking their way through life taking
The moments from the able by force

Time runs out
Sever the ties and leave them without

"Man's life—the life of man qua rational being—is the proper standard of value.
Your own life—and happiness as its emotional concomitant—is the purpose of morality...
Sacrifice is the surrender of value—of a higher value to a lower one, of of the good to the evil...
Since evil is irrational, it can succeed only with the consent and aid of the rational. The Morality of Death is perpetuated by the sanction of its victims—the men of reason and ability...
Stop supporting your own destroyers through the sanction you give them. Do not try to live on your enemies' terms of to win a game when they're setting the rules. Do not help them fake reality...
Fight for this world, in the name of the best within you. You will win when you are ready to pronounce this oath: "I swear—by my life and my love of it—that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine."
[From John Galt's speech]

Their lives are abstract from minds
Whose theories collapse
Their motives hate fact
Replaces by notions that lapse

And now I cry for the million suns that have set before their prime
And the weary weep in silence stricken by the sign
For the first time in their lives
They've seen before it's time
And the weary weep in silence and awe

A broken standard set upon
The drive inside that spurs us on
The right to walk a path to be
Far from the gathering

Live with and live without
To mark the path with faith or doubt
Broken hands from stolen gains
Pull the strings and link the chains

"Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom."
[Albert Einstain]

"There've been other times when danger upon the world defied the services of singularity beetles."

