[music: breitenbach-eilen / lyrics: zur heide / arranged by breitenbach]

... as demanded by the prosecuting attorney the jury find him guilty and subsequently he is sentenced to death. His bitter ordeal begins ... 

He says, I pulled the trigger, fearless and cool
A murderer with intention, hardened like old school
A cold-blooded man, holding up a store
A calculated plan, to enforce what he's heading for
Once I learned 'eye for eye', now I get pain for pain
He wants me to die, I talk 'bout the D.A.
He's counting 'life for life', he's showing up my way
He says, there's a lot thats due - 
There are three ways to pay: 

For the bereaved we've got to dare
Electric chair, death can be fair
The draft of death gas chamber's breath
Leads him to death, lock up the door!
A lethal dose, a gift from God
Puts him to sleep, smoothe like a dog
The draft of death, gas chamber's breath
Leads him to death, lock up the door!

I'm facing judge and jury, the victim's families
The actors of this play, of this criminal case
The jury listen to, the words of the D.A.
If they follow his request, I will be erased:
We've got to free the world
From the burdon of this beast
With his loss of life, other people will find peace
The punishment is fair, his guilt can't be denied
The rules should be clear right now,
There are three ways to die:

For the bereaved, we've got to dare
Electric chair, death can be fair
The draft of death, gas chamber's breath
Leads him to death, lock up the door!
A lethal dose, a gift from God
Puts him to sleep, smoothe like a dog
The draft of death, gas chamber's breath
Leads him to death, lock up the door!

I've heard their words, I've heard them all
Can't believe they're talking about me
They made my hope rise and fall
Now a real way out I cannot see
All these feelings come down on me
I've lost the gleam of hope, is this reality?
It might come back again ... 

I loved my life, they proved me wrong,
I've buried dreams, I've buried plans
Maybe they're right, what have I done?
I killed two people, here I am
All these feelings come down on me
I've lost the gleam of hope, is this reality?
Will it come back again?

