[trilogy part 1]

[Narrative by nornagest:]

1632, Namur in a forlorn corner of the town, "striking midnight, the
pendulum ironically engaged us to remember wich use, we did of the fleding day.
Today, fatadical date, friday 13th we have although everything we know
about the way to lead the PATH OF BLASPHEMY..."
[J. Carnières 1585-1641]

"We've blaspheme jesus, of the most incontestable gods, like a parasite he
his!! We've got everything to please to the coarse !!
Satan's worthy vassals we are insulting what human loved, hail our mighty
father, as we walk through emptiness, our unhealthy symphony's enveloping
souls till their latest and eternal dwell... in HELL !!!

WHEN HELL FREEZES OVER !!!!!!!

[1st lead by nornagest]
[2nd lead by nerath daemon]

[demonical story by sabathan:]
In the shadow of the light dark beings had found their path, strange noises has been heard,
it seems that evil spirits haunts his town, or perhaps strange men who came from another world, another dimension?

As i was told by our forthfathers... corpses were found skinless, crucified, like the holy son,
women open wide their children in their arms, nails through the head !
Maybe this story... is related by someone who know it all...

We've blaspheme jesus, of the most incontestable gods, like a parasite he his!!
We've got everything to please to the coarse !!
We are demon's worthy vassals we are insulting what human loved, father what they fear !
As we walk through emptiness, our unhealthy symphony's enveloping souls till their latest and eternal dwell..

sadness, servile executioner, the weak who's wrong through our spears,
brainless strongs we hate... and to the master we deliver our faith !
Kiss the stupid mater lick their mother with a mighty devotion, from putrefaction,
Bless the pale gleam, at last we've to drown griddiness into delirium...
Us proud reverends of the blackened horde !
Whose glory is to spread the inebriety from darkness !!!

[1st lead by nerath daemon]
[2nd lead by nornagest]
[3rd lead by nerath daemon]
[4th lead by nornagest]

In our destructive consciousness we blast the candle of life for the return of evil emanations,
from the very depths of satan's kingdom, 666 mutilations achieved the gates are now shut, shadows
and whispers have disappeared, the town seems to be quiet but a unholy presence still rule the
streets at night, waiting thy loneliness to catch you and open your chest with their spears made from your fears....

NOW THE GATES ARE CLOSED TILL THE DAWN OF A NEW MILLENNIUM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

[when hell freezes over is based on a true story]

