[Music and lyrics: Wojtek Lisicki]

He's the one, pure in his heart
Shining fair in the bliss never lost
Noble grace, innocent faith
Running throughout the fields immense
Shouting free in the air again
Dancing there with the wind

Sudden gust hit my face, burning rain tore the clouds
From depth of the gloaming thunder came

On a mountain I saw it
When lightning reached out for him
Enchanting my eyes in magical rhapsody

On a mountain I watched him
As power filled up his veins
Surrounded by dusk as the rain from the heavens was falling, falling...

And lone he might be on the ways of this world
His sword, sole companion, always there

On a mountain I watched him
When proudly he swung his steel
Entrancing my heart in mystical harmony

On a mountain I saw it
When knowledge aroused his sense
Encircled by clouds
In the gales now enlightened reborn

Wish I could fly through the land beloved
Not in my dream, nor by spell then bound
Paradise's here in the fields immense
Here is my life, not above!
How could I leave this place?

Wish I could fly through the land beloved
Not in my dream, nor by spell then bound
Paradise's here in the fields immense
If I return to this world here I will live again

Straightened by fury, I feel no fear
Fire inside, it keeps me awake
For no blind I ever shall bend!
This is my law! This is my way!

Hey!

Insight's my power, truth is my breath
Free in my thoughts I always remain!
Choose to take a different path
Strong in the storms, pure through the waste

Stand up, oh, brothers, over the world!
Enemies are there and mostly the same
We are a kind that never gives in!
We are a flame born in the wind!

Hey!

Time's of no matter, it never was!
World is the same, just different form
Freedom is something one doesn't earn
Always your own! Graced by the will!

He's the one, pure in his heart
Shining fair in the pride never lost
Noble grace, unbroken faith
Running throughout the fields immense
Shouting free in the air embraced
Dancing there with the wind

