Waking up alone again, asking her to leave before I need her to stay. 
Exit the room before I see her face. Jerking off to some sick shit on the internet. 
Feeling more ashamed than ever. 
Walking into the living room, imagining myself hanging from the ceiling.  
I need you to see my brand new Rolex. I need you to see my designer clothes.  

I'll continue to get you drunk and high all night as long as you look at me. 
I don't want you to get to know me. I don't need you poking around inside my head. 
Finding out who I really am…

I need you to scream out my name.
Now lay flat down on my bed and spread those cheeks and let me in. 
I'll make you see God tonight and scream out my name until morning light. 
I need you now and I need you close, so that I don't break down and cut my throat. 

Someone please help me numb the pain, I hide behind these phony smiles, laughing at your stupid lies. I need you to scream out my name, whether it’s for pleasure or pain, I don’t care anymore.

I need you to make me whole again, I need to be able to come back home again. 
Fix this fucking broken boy, tell me that you love me so and never wish to leave me alone. 
Tell me that I've made you see God’s face in the bed sheets. 
Tell me that I made you whole, and filled that endless empty void. 

Someone please help me numb the pain, I hide behind these phony smiles, laughing at your stupid lies. Telling you what you wanna hear. Just so I can get away, and hurt someone else for a change. I’ll make you scream out my name. It’s nice to hear someone else say it for a change. 
Whether it’s from pleasure or pain, I don’t care anymore.

I am falling further down the rabbit's hole, I've been chasing Alice for way too long. 
I will never be ok. I'll probably die soon someday. 
I'll continue fucking everyone until I see your face on theirs. 
I'll never be ok. Someone please help me numb the pain.

There’s not much time left, so don’t dawdle. 
Running down rabbits, cracking smiles of cats. 
Hiding from men mad as hats. 
I’m so fucked up, but I still need you here, please scream out my name...

Someone please help me numb the pain, I hide behind these phony smiles, laughing at your stupid lies. Telling you what you wanna hear. Just so I can get away, and hurt someone else for a change. I’ll make you scream out my name, it nice to hear someone else say it for a change. 
Whether it’s from pleasure or pain, I don’t care anymore.

