TERROR...
This is what you call me...
I strike terror among men I can't be bothered by what they think I bare my cross, my soul, myself I forgive ...
but I never forget I've been put upon this earth in FEMALE form But I can handle myself with the best of you
as well as the worst and I often have I have the right to remain silent but I choose to speak, sing, scream I am LIPS, HIPS, TITS...
I AM THE POWER OF A WOMAN STRONG like music true like friendship but without my friends there would be no music... only spoken word... fucker... fucker!
I am able to change so I live without regret, without remorse
Only a remix I am drunk, I am sober.
Heaven doesn't want me and hell's afraid I'll take over.
Don't bother trying to censor me, or shut me up because it won't work.
I am cold and distant yet warm and close to those who deserve to see that side of me part of me... the heart of me.
You find me so hard to understand in your world, the world you perceive to be so normal I am deformed... scorned, reborn I am me and I know exactly who I am, what I am and the wrath that I bring the ugly beauty, the lying truth, the virgin whore... the quiet storm a lover, a fighter, a saint, a sinner, a sister, a daughter old school...... a beginner.
I have decorated myself with love, hate, truth... you all of you, both of you, none of you... more than one of you fucker... fucker!
with lips like sugar, eyes like meat.
I've watched men come, go and cheat I sleep to dream and dream of sleep.
I had a dream Joe that you were standing in the middle of an open road.
I had a dream Joe that your hands were raised up to the sky and your mouth was covered in foam.
I've been crucified, justified and mortified by my behaviour, both feminine and masculine.
I am a contradiction, a juxtapostion.
my relief is my release and only time will tell all is well that ends well.
I am unsweetened, unclean... been called drama queen, ex-girlfriend, ex-member... the tantrum, the temper I point my finger...
take the blame and this time I will own the name because no-one is going to ruin me, if I have to I WILL RUIN
MYSELF AND IT WILL BE 'MY RUIN' FUCKER! fucker! fucker! fucker! FUCKER!

