[The Ballad of Per Tysson's daughters in Vänge]

[Lyrics: Tradititional, Translation: Mathias Blad]

Per Tyrsson's daughters in Vänge
Oh how chilly their woods
They were fast asleep a long time ago
Whilst the woods burst into leaf

The youngest was the first one to awake
She soon awoke the others

They sat themselves down upon their beds
And plaited the hair on each other's heads

Then they dressed in clothes of silk
And made their way to church

When they came to Vänga hill
They met three robbers who held them still

"Pray, would you care to become robbers' wives?
Or would you rather lose your lives?"

"We would not care to become robbers' wives.
We would much rather lose our lives."

They chopped their heads off on birch-wood stem
And soon three wells sprung forth by them

The bodies were dug down in muddy ground,
The clothes they carried to Vänga town.

As they arrived in Vänga farm
Fru Karin came to greet them.

"Say, would you care to buy clothes of silk
That nine maidens have knitted and crotcheted?"

"Open your bundles and let me see
Maybe I know them, all three."

Fru Karin quivers as never before
And runs to Per Tyrsson who stands by the door

"There are three robbers outside our farm
They've gotten rid of our daughters"

Per Tyrsson grabs his sword and then
He runs to slay the two older men.

He asked the third one before he stroke
"Who is your father and mother?"

"Our father Per Tyrsson in Vänge,
Our mother Fru Karin in Skränge."

Per Tyrsson went to the smithy
And forged himself iron round his waist.

"What shall our retribution be?"
"We'll build a church out of stone and lime."

"Kärna Church shall be its name"
Oh how chilly their woods
"Oh, how willingly we will build it ."
Whilst the woods burst into leaf

[Per Tyrssons Döttrar i Vänge]

[Lyrics: Tradititional: Swedish Version]

Per Tyrssons döttrar i Vänge.
Kaller var deras skog.
De sovo en sömn för länge.
Medan skogen han lövas.

Först vaknad den yngsta,
Sa väckte hon upp de andra

Sa satte de sig pa sängestock
Sa flätade de varandras lock

Sa togo de pa sina silkesklar
Sa gingo de sig at kyrkan

Nar som de kommo pa Vänga lid
Där mötte de tre vallare

"Säg viljen I bli vallareviv
Eller viljen I mistra era unga liv?"

"Ej vilja vi blie vallareviv
Hellre vi miste vart unga liv."

De högg deras huvu'n pa björkestock,
Sa rann där strax tre källor opp

Kropparna grovo de ner i dy,
Kläderna buro de fram till by

När som de kommo till Vänga gard
Ute för dom fru Karin star

"Och viljen I köpa silkessörkar,
Som nio jungfrur har stickat och virkat?"

"Lös upp edra knyten och lat mig se,
Kanhända jag känner dem alla tre."

Fru Karin sig för bröstet slar
Och upp till Per Tyrsson i porten hon gar.

Dethaller tre vallare pa var gard
De haver gjort av med döttrarna var."

Per Tyrsson tar sitt svärd i hand
Sa högg han ihjäl de äldsta tva

Den tredje fraga han innan han slog:
"Vad heter er fader och mor?"

"Var fader Per Tyrsson ivänge,
Var moder fru Karin i Skränge."

Per Tyrsson han gar sig at smedjan,
Han lät smida sig järn om midjan

"Vad ska vi nu göra för syndamen?"
"Vi ska bygga upp en kyrka av kalk och sten!"

"Den kyrkan ska heta Kärna."
Kaller var deras skog
"Den ska vi bygga upp sa gärna"
Medan skogen han lövas

Label: Metal Blade Records

Thanks to ricsi for correcting tracklist.
Thanks to CVanDerZiel for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to derhenker666, hornetcorset for correcting track #3 lyrics.
Thanks to tears-of-misery for correcting track #11 lyrics.


