I start to feel the weight of everything beneath me. It seems like day to day I wait, waiting for the next mistake to blow back up in my face. What makes you think I'm not living up? Cause for everything I do, I feel nothing but unloved. Sometimes I feel like it's just never enough, never enough.

My hands just freeze; shake the snow from the trees.
Don't build this up unless you're planning to landslide into me.
I never saw this coming, I'll take my chances in running, I don't need tension for release.

The next time I put myself here, pull me out from the rut.
Because I don't think I can take more of this, pushing constantly until my last breath.
There's no time to find myself, not a second of air, there's not a moment to spare, and I'm screaming out my lungs, screaming out but no one's there.

Callous, careless,
How did you miss the fists of tyrants hiding in the shadows of spineless giants? It feels so out of reach.
Jealous, sightless,
How many times will you die before your death in your head, this is
Lifeless, defiance.
I fear a life left incomplete.

As time moves so steadily, it's making a fool out of me. I'm done depending.
I'm on my own now, I am on my own. I can't be disappointed, I'm expecting gold from a stone.
I'm on my own now, I am on my own. I can't have faith in you. It's getting old.

We're just a step away from drowning in our dreams.
I can't think of the last time that we were steady.
I don't like where our path is heading; but if this is forever, I'll take it right into my grave.

The next time I put myself here, pull me out from the rut.
Because I don't think I can take more of this, pushing constantly until my last breath.
There's no time to find myself, not a second of air, there's not a moment to spare, and I'm screaming out my lungs, screaming out but no one's there.

I try so hard to make these parallels meet; the illusion of control always follows me. I'm holding onto dreams, the patience I had is gone, I'm just so sick of second chances.
If you can't keep up, fuck you I'm moving on.
Because I can't keep thinking about what's going on in your head,
Sick of you not seeing where I'm coming from.
And I bet when I'm gone, you won't have anyone.
There's nothing wrong with getting sick of being stepped on.
And I bet if I found a way out, you'd fall right to the ground.

