Whispered words beneath the floating autumn leaves
Flying softly on the southern breeze
Fragments of light between the branches and trees
I wish I would stay here forever

The sun is sinking behind mountains of old
Brushing faintly clouds of red and gold

Night-time's flinging a vast veil of velvet across fields and forest
Trespassing the havens of daylight's temporary borders.
I knew my game could gain me but grief, the fairy tale was on though brief
Trespassing the havens of secrecy's temporary borders.

Scratching the surface of times seemingly forgotten
Of you who once were mine betrothen
Digging 'neath layers of emotions now rotten
I feel myself slip away
Nostalgic entertainment tingled by the past
You were the one to be mine at last
But now my memory's ever fading so fast
Keeping emotions at bay

Here I sit, and memories unfold
My feelings are hollow, I'm feeling so old

[Female]
"I feel it fade away and cry tears in solitude"
Trespassing the havens of night-time's temporary borders
As shadows collapse in the mating of day and night, crows are circling in
ominous flight
Trespassing the havens of my own temporary borders (temporary borders)

[Solo]

I tried... I tried hard to believe
Thinking of us has left me but grief
I cannot look ahead, the past is all I see
Moments together, but time's a thief

Shadows recurring from times long since passed
Our time and now in a perfect contrast

[Female]
"As I see you sitting by my grave
I feel your presence, but can't say a word
Your heart and love, patient and brave
But my soul is too late for you to save"

I am probably a fool still thinking of you
Night after night...
There's not much else I can do
For neither myself nor you
Maybe I should leave and never come back to this place...
But I know too surely that I'm only fooling myself
I'm only fooling myself

[Temporary borders - Comments]

[I had just joined ILLNATH, got their lyrics and listened through all the music which was going to be on the CD. I was like a kid in a candy-store, and got to work that very evening at Tobias place with a lyric piece (which Tobias also participated strongly on). The lyrics I had received had some qualities, but mainly, I thought, I could do them better. The guys had already read some of my lyrics and pointed out 'Frozen constellations', 'Bring down the witching hour' and 'By the hands of violent winter' as the only songs they did not want to change.]

[I guess the idea of a Gothic romance in a moody black metal song is not very original. I assume I wanted to make a presentation of our own Gothic romance song, and at the same time I enjoy writing these kind of lyrics, even though, as mentioned, they do not give much to the black metal scene today.]

[Partly based on the coming summer (it was written sometime in may, I think), partly based on my poor lovelife and strange feeling of suddenly being in another country doing music with people I didn't know a week ago. I alone, yet somehow welcome and at calm here. Just like the narrator in the song. It was also a good possibility to use Lena's vocals.]
[- Narrenschiff]

