[Gionata June ’02]

Strangled - By the strength of your poison made man
Tortured - By the absence of air consumed by everybody else
Tormented - By an ancient plan of gaining space
Crucified - By the idea of man you can’t understand….

…waiting for the storm

It’s time to put an end
To love and happiness
Present is so cruel
A retribution of madness
Marching on the storm
Going ahead without piety
Freedom is hunting me
In this blackest cloudy sky

Leave your mortal life behind...
Drown yourself in a world... of nothingness… entwined.

Possessed - By torments of past memories
Devoured - By an hunger of centuries ago
Explosion - Is the sound of chains broken
Infection - Is the living hate through my veins

I am what you can’t control
I am fire in its purest form
I am built with the sound of anger
I am what you can’t complain
I am water blue and drained
I am built with the spine of horror

…waiting for the storm

Disease in spiral downwards
What I felt in that moment in time
Marching upon an altar, made of flesh and bones
An abyss of fury, instead an age of reason
I’m getting my freedom back, paying with your sun…

I’m getting my freedom back… Paying with your sun…

FROSTMOON ECLIPSE are:
Claudio Alcara - Stormguitars
Gherardo Giannarelli: 4 knives of Destruction
Gionata Potenti: Blackhammers and Hatred on Mankind

“Death Is Coming” was recorded between 14th and 15th of December 2002 and mixed December the 22nd at Big Wave Studios (Italy).
Engineered mixed and mastered by Niko Santaniello and Frostmoon Eclipse.
Produced by Frostmoon Eclipse.
Artwork and band logo by Gionata Potenti.
Band photos by Lisa Massei.
Executive Producer Iso666 Releases.

Frostmoon Eclipse would like to thank:
Gionata hails the following: Leonidas at Iso666 Releases, Akenaten and Judas Iscariot/Breath Of Night Records, Mike at Ma-Kahru Records, Khal Drogo and Merkaal of Nocternity (Hail Hellenic Brothers!), Alex and Warlord Records, Handful Of Hate horde and crew, Lisa Massei and Deathrow, Mirko and Coram Lethe, Aren and Unholy Land, Marco and The True Endless/Huginn Prod., Lorenzo “Gorè” and Enthropic Degrade After Escatological Catastrophe, Riccardo and Void Of Silence, Yasuyuki and Barbatos/Abigail/Cut Throat, Chistian and Ensoph, Hansi and Folter Records, Mentor and Kawir, Lethe and Mournblade, Noktu and Drakkar Productions, Mikael and Downfall Records, Xael and Reign Of Erebus, Code666 Releases, Adrian and Matthew Crosina from Australia, Svartz and Legion, Kail and Misericordia, Jan and Grabak, Marco and VII Arcano, Jason and Atomizer, Leo and Inner Shrine...
Claudio would like to thanx: Alex and Leonidas at Iso666 Releases/Macabre Omen, Daniele and Black Tears Of Death Productions, Aere Aeternus, Abhor, Barbarud and Maniac Butcher, Mike and Dragon Design, Cyril and Osculum Infame/Dark Sanctuary, Denial Of God, Stargazer Magzine, Lewandowsky,...
Gherardo thanx the following: Ana Sofia Cavaleiro Pires, Wojciech Zawilinski Poisonous Piglet Distro, Jose A. Fernandez and It's Pathetic Web-zine/Records, The Spew Records, Mario Lino Faria and Thrash Publishing, Kraath from China, Daria Kamenko, Ewa Kopyra, Per Hedde, Lauri Lansman, Ciro Bellano, "Cum on... Feel the Noize!!!" and Radio Forte dei Marmi, Giovanni and Beyond...Prod, Alessandro Viti, Adriano Fontana, Ulde, Iacopo Tucci, Andrea Tartarelli, Matteo Balderi, Iuri Marazzi, Luca Petrini, Karstein Volle...
Frostmoon Eclipse hails: Iso666 Releases, Maggot Records, Black Tears Of Death Productions, Warlord Records, Ma-Kahru Productions, Vittorio and Nihil’zine/Nihil Festivals, Spellsound Promotion, Throne Of Thorment ‘zine, Ilaria “Adrastea” Bertagnini (our Dark Webmistress), Niko Santaniello, Dani and Bloody’zine, Nigra Mors’zine, Vibration Of Doom web’zine, Abhor, Coram Lethe, Malkavian, Corpsefucking Art, Paul and Gate Of Horror’zine, Shaxul and Legion Of Death Records/End All Life Productions, Lorenzo Sassi, Hermann Stefanelli, Diego Marchini and all the sons of scorn have truly helped us during these hard years...




