And now, whit eyes open wide
I pray for the crumbling of your soul!

You, man... you’re impurity dressed with purity
You, god... brown lamb in wolf skin
Ill-natured... contaminated alchemy
Shame, shame... weak human beings
You, god... inoculate abortion
You, man... putrid fleshy strain
Long knives... tools of eradication
Death, death... bless their soul with pain

A secret countdown set
To your preordinated apocalypse
Tic-toc...
Tic-toc...
Tic-toc...

Angels of no mercy armed with sharp obscurity
Give hurt and final rest
In name of tragedy, in praise of tragedy
Shades of night, now free us
From this scorn, from this scorn!

Oh wasted and skeletal beast
Pale horse, cast your scythe down!
Oh reaper ancient and wise
Cold death, cast your scythe down!
Oh seeds of spirit divine
Essence, cast your scythe down!
Oh, reaper ancient and wise...

You, god... you’re inoculate abortion
You, man... putrid fleshy strain
Wood cross... a tool of eradication
Death, death... bless his soul with pain
You, man... still cadavers in the dark
You, god... have hundreds souls to reap
Bloodbath... it shapes a new life
Doom, fire... last sight in eternal sleep

And I looked, and behold a pale horse
And his name that sat on him was Death,
And Hell followed with him....
And power was given unto them
Over the fourth part of the earth

Oh wasted and skeletal beast
Oh reaper ancient and wise...

Father! Father! Father omniscient
Slay! Slay! And grant peace on earth!
Father! Father! Father omniscient
Slay! Slay! With razorblade hate!

Saline statues with terror in their eyes
A-slug crumbling down, while the last Gomorrah’s burning
Hail the glory, the beauty of bereavement
Now it’s sealed forever with a graven sword

The unseen world of Hades is rising
And mortal nature will put on immortality
The final bloodstain for a mosaic made of nightmares
Is a new beginning...

And when the lamb opened the fourth seal
I heard the fourth living creature scream: “Come!”
And I looked, and behold a pale horse
And his name that sat on him was Death,
And Legion and Yaveh were united as one...

And great power was given unto them
Over the fourth part of the earth
To kill with sword, and with hunger
And with death, and with the beast of the earth
For his name was Death
And Hell followed with him
And Hell followed with him
And Hell followed with him
And Hell followed with him
This is Zero hour...

