Se-woo, ha-nah e-too-hee pagh-ri
Han-noo dim-mi, d'dia-tee-qeh kha-tha

Forgive me not Father
Cause I never blasphemed in opposition to your word
But it’s only against the human’s blind laws
That I proudly… Sin

Crucify! Crucify! With the rusty nails of mortals
You bury divine flesh down below
And yet this place still whispers ceremonial litanies
A transcendental plague

A river of incense cross a forgotten soil
It flows into the vast, sad oceans that you mourn
And nothing is observed and assumed down there
If not the first commandment of the soul

Do Sin! Do Sin! This dusk lies beneath a fractured mirror of sins
The moon and the sun will then emerge from the earth
To sanctify the one who blaspheme
Do Sin! And it snows deep down again
Bright stars falling fast in a spiral of Sin
And the sky became a vault

And what human’s vileness has set as a weak limit
Was crossed with a wearing, horrible idea of pain

Shining incarnation, a desolate death
In wise and gentle solitude compliance turns to dust
Resounding in the echoes of stillness
A new creator feeds its limbs

Ed egli ascese da abissi di carni martirizzate
Tuonando con voce solenne l’avvento d’un nuovo dominio

S’ergan bastioni che oscurino il cielo
Torri dorate al cospetto del vuoto
E da grigi manieri e ancor più buie valli
Della rinunzia temuta e agognata
Null’altro provenga se non il rimpianto
Un gemer sommesso di giorni perduti
Il grido obliato del mesto suicida
Il grido, la fine, il vuoto, l’abisso!

Eloi, Eloi, lema sabachthani?
Eloi, Eloi, lema sabachthani?
Tetelestai, Eloi!
All is said and done, Father!

A new temple of flesh built once again
With this bread of misery and pain
Not by mercy, not by pity... but power
And cheek...
Insects and maggots
Scum of the earth
This scorn will be
Your Calvary mile!

Crucified! Crucified! With the rusty nails of moral
You buried divine flesh down below
But still this place whispers ceremonial litanies
A future plague…

A river of incense cross a forgotten soil
It flows into the vast, sad oceans that you mourn
Where a lost evocation gives you
Halos of flies and thorns!

Do Sin! Do Sin! This dusk lies beneath a fractured mirror of sins
The moon and the sun will then emerge from the earth
To sanctify the one who blaspheme
Do Sin! And it snows deep down again
Bright stars falling fast in a spiral of Sin
In martyrized flesh...

