Bind the wrist, cut the tongue, call it "Liberation". 1

Invader, you dare make me a stranger.
Invader, you brand me as a traitor. 2

These borders were forged in loss
Painted with a martyr's forgotten blood. 3
Legions of stone infecting the land,
Legions we carved into the palm of God's hand. 4

Stigmata cities stitched together with walls
Intent on sanitizing the sedition of our dark traditions.
We begin with the purest of intentions,
Then fabricate the cruelest inventions.

Interpret the subtext: "S – O – S".
Euthanized with euphemistic lies,
Populace of blank binary minds. 5
Appetite for endless apathy
Breathing in...in...insecurity. 6

Until you see your reflection through the scope of a weapon nothing will ever change.
A revolution stirs in the silence.
The movement defies this negative space. 7

I hear you through the noise:
The truth that speaks in silence. 8
Scale the divides we devise.
We locked out the world, but we're locked inside.

I hear you through the noise:
The hope 9 sung from the margins. 10
My heartbeat just a step behind,
I didn't know your name but I knew we were out of time.

Nuclear families split apart like the atom; 11
Demagogues 12 proliferate the calloused grip of the state.
The future asphyxiates under nativist suspicions.
Insipid minds... domestic fission.

Bind the wrist, cut the tongue, call it "Liberation".
Bind the wrist, cut the tongue, call it "Liberation".

Thirteen, cold as a stillborn – wounds still warm in his chest. 13
Behold the crimson lens, peer through the gaps in the flesh.
Bullets raining from Babylon: 14
The price of wealth.

How can you resist this cycle if you can't resist yourself? 15
What a world we knew
Before we fearfully
Withdrew to our silent cells of solitude...
But still I hear you.
I hear you.

I hear you through the noise:
The truth that speaks in silence.
Scale the divides we devised.
We locked out the world, but we're locked inside.

I hear you through the noise:
The hope sung from the margins.
My heartbeat just a step behind,
I didn't know your name but I knew we were out of time.

[1 George Orwell "Politics and the English Language".
2 Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz "An Indigenous Peoples' History of the United States".
3 Howard Zinn "A People's History of the United States".
4 Psalm 95:4.
5 Edward Said "Orientalism".
6 Matt Stone and Trey Parker, "South Park s16e10".
7 "Everything that Rises Must Converge" 2012, MKQ.
8 Mother Teresa "In the Heart of the World".
9 James Cone "God of the Opressed".
10 Nelson Mandela "Long Walk to Freedom".
11 According to Prison Policy Initiative, America currently has the largest prison population in the world at 2.3 million people.
12 All USA presidents. Currently and noticeably, Donald J. Trump.
13 Hector Pieterson 1963-1976, shot and killed during the Soweto Uprising.
14 John Howard Yoder "The Politics of Jesus".
15 Matthew 16:23-25.]

