Ration my breath
Terror clandestine in my chest.
Mangled, I lay on a foreign forest floor. 1

Caught in an instant, divided by distance.
Alone in the fray, clutching my trigger I pray as I make amends with death on a distant shore. 2

Such is the fate of the nation state 3
(despite the myths they propagate). 4
The narrative never fits the crime.
Democracy's died this death a thousand times.

The masses kneel before the golden cross held by the priest 5 who bows at the feet of the king. 6

We stand alone in the dust of what could be
Fighting to find our humanity.

Bury me with my name in an unmarked grave
Another casualty to the vanity of history. 7
The war marches on after the killing ends. 8
Take our lives, colonize our minds. 9
I've been digging through timelines,
Historical bylines;
I find the fatal flaw in our design lies between thoughts we had and words we knew 10
Between what we're told and what is true. 11

Who fuels the fascist? 12
A classist inculcating the masses in passes under the contrived countenance of contrition. 13

The victor writes the story 14
More often burns the manuscript.
Set fire to a pyre, cremate the crimes that they commit. 15

But the flames kept us warm,
So we bit our tongues and tasted scorn.

The bitter stench of finite men
Betrayed by the thieves they swore to pretend.
The bell will toll 16 and in the end lay only echoes of what could have been. 17

We stand alone in the dust of what could be
Fighting to find our humanity.
We stand alone in the dust of what could be
Nothing we fought for will set us free. 18

Throw myself, headlong, to the jaws of the beast: 19
The war machine that feeds for eternity.
Throw myself, headlong, to the jaws of the beast:
The war machine that turns for eternity.
Throw myself, headlong, to the jaws of the beast:
The war machine that feeds for eternity.
Throw myself, headlong, to the jaws of the beast:
The war machine that turns for eternity.

[1 Spring, 1937. Spain.
2 Ernest Hemingway "For Whom the Bells Tolls".
3 Leo Tolstoy "Patriotism and Government".
4 Plato "The Republic".
5 Religion as a means for sustaining the rule of fascist dictator Francisco Franco from 1939-1975.
6 Hugh Thomas "The Spanish Civil War".
7 Michel Foucault "The History of Sexuality: The Will to Knowledge".
8 Richard K. Morgan "Altered Carbon".
9 George Orwell "1984".
10 Jacques Lacan "The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis".
11 Margaret Atwood "The Robber Bride".
12 Anthony Beevor "The Battle for Spain".
13 American corporations, such as Texaco oil, that made large financial gains due to loyal support of Franco's nationalist forces in Spain, and subsequently Hitler in Europe.
14 Jawaharlal Nehru "The Discovery of India".
15 The Bombing of Guernica, 26 April, 1937.
16 John Donne "Devotions Upon Emergent Occasions: Meditation XVII".
17 George Santayana "Soliloquies in England and Later Soliloquies".
18 Matthew 26:52.
19 Mario Savio.]

