First the auspices, 1 they came dripping from the sky,
2 set their course to the coast, black sand blazing in their eyes.
We woke and bore witness to a tarnished veil of gold;
Tiny corpses line the strand, obsolescence unfolds. 3

Intravenously,
Hypodermic pipelines seep toxins to the sea;
Adorning our shores with negligence. 4

Suffocate, immolate, cauterize the surface.
Poison dances in the sky.
Walk with me.
Walk with me and see our colonies breeding dystrophy. 5
Can you feel… feel the disconnect resonate, burn inside your chest?
Palpitating… palpitating pulse failing heart, cardiac convulse. 6
The violence we love, it's cyclical.
We rise and we fall, it's inevitable. 7

Is it fatal?
Is the fallout inevitable?
"It was all for nothing"
Spiraling out of control.

Misdirected decathect, 8
Both indirect and circumspect,
oh architect of disconnect,
in retrospect I now suspect.

Trace the hills with your hungry eyes.
Witness how, like an orphan's spine,
Cities protrude on the horizon line.
Greed will rise 9 and carve out the sky,
Blinding us to the repercussion.

Pull the blood 10 from the earth,
Leave a grave for your sons. 11
Oil is the ink fueling missiles like pens 12 writing oblivion. 13

Walk with me.
Walk with me and see our colonies breeding dystrophy.
Can you feel… feel the disconnect resonate, burn inside your chest?
Palpitating… palpitating pulse failing heart, cardiac convulse.
The violence we love, it's cyclical.
We rise and we fall, it's inevitable.

Is it fatal?
Is the fallout inevitable?
"It was all for nothing"
Spiraling out of control.

Is it fatal?
Is the fallout inevitable?
"It was all for nothing"
Spiraling out of control.

This violence we love,
It's cyclical.
We rise and we fall,
It's inevitable.
The violence we love,
It's cyclical.
We rose just to fall.

I followed the harm to the site of infection:
The exit wounds where we made our home. 14
We were gorged with the earth and drunk off the seas.
And now we die with the taste of decay on our tongues.

[1 Sue Monk Kidd "The Secret Life of Bees".
2 Colony Collapse Disorder.
3 Dr. Marla Spivak, TED Talk.
4 In the past 25 years, there have been more than two dozen oil spills in the US.
5 Inspired by a lecture given by Dr. Karen Seto at Yale University in 2014 regarding the unsustainable nature of urban growth.
6 According to the World Health Organization, 23% of all deaths and 26% of deaths among children under age 5 are due to preventable environmental factors.
7 Job 12:23.
8 Sigmund Freud "On Metapsychology".
9 Major fossil fuel companies spend nearly $115 million each year on obstructive climate advocacy.
10 Chief Plenty Coups "Crow".
11 Isaiah 24:4-6.
12 The Dakota Access Pipeline; Recent USA exit from the Paris Accord.
13 Elizabeth Kolbert "The Sixth Extinction".
14 Henry David Thoreau "Walden".
15 According to a recent Guardian report, 50% of all produce in the USA is discarded.
16 This song was inspired by the art and advocacy of so many Lovers. Thank you for teaching us.]

