Speak to me in a language only lovers can understand.
Dance with me in a rhythm only lovers can comprehend.
One fist gripping defiance, other cradling the sacred inside of our hands 1: Pariah.

It's the pain of becoming 2 confronting what stirs within.
I wanted to show you apocalypse 3 so you could see just how this ends as it begins.

No place to rest your head 4,
no respite for an anathema.
Banished for the sin of honesty from the citadel of little hidden hells. 5

Pyroglyphic: I saw Your face inside the fire.
Monolithic: A dominance that dictates desire. 6
Ultimatum: Dual damnations dichotomize me.
Suffocation: Crushed beneath holy hypocrisy.

This isn't love. This is escape.

Exiled into the night,
left to navigate a world that negates our needs:
The Visible Unseen. 7

You're the weight I'll always carry through a world so cold.
You'll never walk alone.
We will find a place to lay our heavy heads.
These lonely roads will always lead you home. 8

Am I only flawed when I am alive?
Only your child if I live denied?
I ask of you, Benevolence, was I made just to be broken? 9

Our faith became a silver shield – insulated from compassion. 10
Praising the prosperity, 11
repressing their identity. 12

I'll show you hell is a place –
it's in the secrets we keep.
Oh, God… How those secrets keep me.

This isn't love. This is escape.
This isn't love. This is escape.

Coerced conformity fixed on the dust in their eye.
Forest fires rage in mine. 13

I never thought to ask…
When you said she was asleep did you hear my disbelief? 14
The bitter irony, that I wait for God as she dies beside me.

You're the weight I'll always carry through a world so cold.
You'll never walk alone.
We will find a place to lay our heavy heads.
These lonely roads will always lead you home.

We found our place in the disconnect of neglect.
I know these lonely roads will always lead you home.
Until our paths converge give me eyes to see The Visible Unseen.
These lonely roads will always lead you home. 15

Speak to me in a language only lovers can understand.
One fist gripping defiance, other cradling the sacred inside of our hands.

[1 Inspired by a couple I once witnessed marching for their rights at a political protest.
2 Andrea Gibson.
3 Richard Rohr "Falling Upward".
4 Luke 9:58.
5 Chapin Hall at the University of Chicago released a new report on youth homelessness, "Missed Opportunities: National Estimates", which found that LGBTQ young adults had a 120 percent higher risk of reporting homelessness compared to youth who identified as heterosexual and cisgender.
6 Diana Butler Bass "A People's History of Christianity".
7 Tobias Bärmann.
8 Brennan Manning "The Ragamuffin Gospel".
9 Inspired by a conversation with a brave young friend, who is transgender.
10 Tony Campolo "Red Letter Christians".
11 Prosperity "gospel" promulgated through the teachings of Joel Osteen and others.
12 According to a 2016 report by the CDC, LGB youth are almost five times as likely to have attempted suicide compared to heterosexual youth.
13 Matthew 7:3.
14 Mark 5:21-43.
15 Matthew 5:1-11.]

