Watching from the bottom of a strangers mind 1
Vicarious life, chemical divide.
The epidemic of our time: 2
A voluntary genocide.

He's wielding a needle,
It's laced with ambition...
Set on finding forever 3
Or blacking out the friction. 4
She's clutching a bottle –
Conscripted prescription 5 –
Deaf to my dissent,
Void of all volition.

Injecting fire straight into the veins,
Nothing will cauterize the wound where I remain.
Ingesting tiny stars one by one, one by one...
I come undone. 6

Passenger to my own life:
Trapped inside, fastened to the vice.
Fading out, fading away...
Burning in a bliss you can't sustain.

Am I a hedonist or solipsist?
Barbiturate tourniquets drip, drip:
A sycophant's sea of delusion.
Drowning in an empty conclusion.

Come shoot me up into the night.

Blood Moon: The shadow in my skin.
The window of my soul was sealed,
But I'll still let you in.
Blood Moon: Shiver through my mind.
Only the need is real,
Feel whatever I can to make sure I can't feel.

All the hell in my veins
Can't dissipate the pain.
All the hell in my veins
Won't wash away your face.

So let us go then, you and I –
Watch the sky drift into sleep, etherized. 7
Collapsing stars condemned to their cosmic graves
Bleeding light for the gain of some far off race.

The fog hangs like thieves
There must be guilt in these streets
Place your hand on my wrist,
It's not like we'll be missed.

Do I dare shake the need from our skin?
Do I dare rattle the rust, corroding me within?

The lechery, the treachery,
Oh come, love, sit next to me.
This anatomy is built like tragedy.

Don't you know me by these scars?
These marks where I are?
I mean I am. I mean I was
I was supposed to be someone. 8

Blood Moon: The shadow in my skin.
The window of my soul was sealed,
But I'll still let you in.
Blood Moon: Shiver through my mind.
Only the need is real,
Feel whatever I can to make sure I can't feel.

Every fix is a prayer,
Every high a sacrifice.
We worship desire 9 at the altar of dependence.
I hit the bottom then it hit me back.

Incarnation of society: 10
"The face of evil is the face of need." 11

[1 Jordan Peele "Get Out".
2 In 2016 alone, 42,249 US drug fatalities -- 66% of the total -- involved opioids. This number is higher than breast cancer fatalities. – cdc.gov.
3 Common "Finding Forever".
4 Death Cab for Cutie "Blacking Out the Friction".
5 Nearly 80% of heroin users reported misusing prescription opioids prior to heroin. – hhs.gov
6 As Cities Burn "Come Now Sleep".
7 T.S. Eliot "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock".
8 Inspired by a conversations with dear friends I've met on tour, names held in privacy.
9 David Foster Wallace "Infinite Jest".
10 In the moment of fatal overdose, we see witness the telos of American society.
11 William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch".]

