value the words in my dark tale
I speak 'bout the countess of hell
with weight of guilt I bear my cross
save me, my lord, if you can
my strength is weak and my conscience dim
hear this plea from a troubled and afflicted soul
I light a candle with a wish for death as it slowly burns

when the moonlight reaches your window she sweeps out from the dark
she moves near, smooth as a cat
her ember eyes locked on sight

come to me, let's get lost in the twilight
seems so long since I saw you, my dear
dream away. come take my hand

the madam lures you into her service with words sweeter than wine
she'll pretend, fill you head up with lies then slowly slash you apart
oh, precious life giving blood. "what lurks in the darkness?"
you will know she betrayed you from fortune once you've entered her realm

magical moments - where is the logic that rhymes?
I'll offer my heart and soul to be by your side
magical moments - is the truth always stronger than lies?
this cannot be happening. I'm losing my mind

nunc anima mea turbata est
pater, salvifica me ex hora hac
et a peccato meo munda me
domine, salus mea

I saw peasant girls pass the gate. one by one they walked into hell
like sheep brought to the slaughter. never to return
time. I curse thee time, oh time. the mirror speaks the truth
dripping with new spilt blood she thought she'd found a way
the secret of eternal youth, for beauty to go by her name
wash away all my sorrow, preserve me just the way I am

embraced by morning but the anguish linger on
this torment does not seem to find
infernal madness, her method for pleasure
there's no reflection at all
oh, precious blood fills the halls. "that dreadful aptitude"
she'll make you bleed, tear your flesh into pieces or tie you upon a stake

magical moments - here is the logic that rhymes?
I opened the gates to hell to rule by your side
magical moments - see my skin getting smoother tonight
can this be happening? now lick her skin clean

deep in my heart, deep in my soul
hear the voice begin to speak
forever dead, forever free
and forever belongs to me
deep in my heart, deep in my soul
hear the voice begin to speak
forever dead, forever free
and forever belongs to me
forever belongs to me
forever belongs to me

