beware! you don't know what I've seen, what she hides in her chamber below
beware of the devil enchantress
every thought will bring you despair. her thaumaturgy is stronger than you'll ever know
she'll maim you limb by limb

I will not close my eyes. I can't let this go on
if I'd look away now then who would I be?
I won't take caution. your words deceive
confess your sins and fall down on your knees

departed somewhere between heaven and hell
feel me, you will decry what he once saw
hold me, feeling so lost without your love
you will see what beautiful eyes can't comprehend, never, never

and thy promise is broken, what is now to await?
I saw a blade flash where the light radiates
blood on the wall, blood on the floor
midnight approaches, soon tears gonna fall
blood on the wall, blood on the floor
and the young girls are crying like never before
don't get fooled by the things he tells you
can't you see I'm countess bathory
countess bathory

there's blood on the carpet, there's blood on her knife
fingers are pierced, her ladyship smiles
pin by pin, I must have whats deep within
if it hurts then simply pull them out

trapped in thy castle of malice. "condemned"
captive and all alone

by god, we came too late
in the castle drained bodies remains
I confine you to your tower
and wait for your demons to swallow you whole

I'm the ruler, I am your king
I own the air that you breathe
I command you to do as I please
bid farewell as I reel the thread of life

see it's time, the moon arise
slowly tempting my fortitude
still within these halls they scream
entwined by my touch divine
gaze into my furnace eyes
senses are consumed tonight
fall into a spiralled doom
spill your blood and die

thy deeds are over, we've torn down your gate
the trial has begun, your accomplices arraigned
blood on the wall, blood on the floor
for what they have done their heads are going to roll
blood on the wall, blood on her hands
no words passed your lips but silence means yes
gone are dreams, return to me
can't you see I'm countess bathory
countess bathory

your spell has been lifted and evil withdrawn
no one should bathe in a glory so vain
a trail of tears will forever be. can't you see?
rot in your prison, you can't break free

trapped in thy castle of malice. "condemned"
kept inside four walls of stone

