There's dust in the air
On a winter morning
I hear the call of the wild
There's wind in my hair
In dreams I'm longing
To see the world like a child

All my deeds I will repent
But all my faith will never end

Fallen Angels, flying high in the sky
Fallen Angels, rescue me again

There's ice on the land
On clouds I'm walking
My face can touch the sky
The sign in my hand
All my cries for freedom
Die away in the night

All my deeds I will repent
But all my faith will never end

Fallen Angels, flying high in the sky
Fallen Angels, rescue me again

"Ice cold darkness covers the barren land, which was once the blossom of life.
Depressing silence has taken its reign, the wheels of time are standing still, and the flame of all life seems to have gone out.
A handful of ragged gaunt shapes roam through  impenetrable and never ending shady forest, being incessantly drawn to their deepest depths by their tremendous claws.
In a death posture they await the labyrinths of fear and try to devour their souls.
They are the last survivors of the people of Taragon, once rulers of a proud and glowing empire, that was haunted by the legions of darkness, which has now been totally destroyed.
Being robbed of their homes, they wander aimlessly through the dark with nothing more than their memory of glorious days.
Strolling down dangerous paths after many moons, they meet the legendary heralds of light, riding their mighty horses surrounded by a border of warmth, accompanied by a wind and fire.
The son of all light, the heralds announce, will one day be delivered, and a glowing star shall appear, leading the way to fertile land of harmony that lies beyond all horizons.
They foretell a long journey of sacrifice, harm and fear, through void and darkness, followed by the lords of evil.
Somewhere in the boundless land of lost souls, they must find the stairway, and there then should be the gate to enter to the new world.
The ruby of Taragon, the holy stone, the lifeline of the empire, which the wise men kept for generations, that saved them from the legions of evil is unfolding his magical powers.
He tells a fortune to the people of Taragon.
In this vision they see an oasis of peace, giving a feeling of warmth and spirited that flows through their veins, and warm winds tell stories of freedom and brotherhood.
A hand of laughter spreads before them, and they feel the breeze of life on their skin.
In the blink of a moment they look into shiny warm eyes, but immediately this vision becomes hazy and slowly fades away.
Following the prophecies the heralds foretold, with courage and hope in their hearts, the people of Taragon make their way in pursuit of the promised land.

Fallen Angels, flying high in the sky
Fallen Angels, rescue me again
Fallen Angels, flying high in the sky
Fallen Angels, rescue me again

