[Instrumental]

Starring:
Vicotnik - Mr. Fantastic Deceptionist
Aldrahn - Mr. Always Safe and Sound
Apollyon - Mr. Nebulous Secrets
Cerberus - Mr. Dead Meat Smelly Feet
Hologram - Mr. Dingy Sweet Talker Women Stalker
Galder - Mr. Anti Evolution Human Deviation

Engineered, produced and mixed by Bjorn Boge and Dodheimsgard at BBM Studios
Additional help on mix by Bjorn Werner
Art Lay-Out and Graphics by Lauveng Design and Vicotnik
All music by Dodheimsgard
Mastered by Tom, Garm and Dodheimsgard at Strype Audio
All tracks recorded summertime '97 except song no. 4, which
was recorded during some hours in March '96.
Violins on track no. 2 contributed by Stine Lunde

(Moonfog Productions FOG 017)
Moonfog Productions, Arbeidersamfunnets Pl. 1, 0181 Oslo, Norway; Fax: +47 22 20 15 91; www.union.no/moonfog or www.moonfog.com
"This is sick, devastating, innovative and superb. This is indeed satanic art."
9/10, Terrorizer Magazine

Aldrahn is the vocalist and he played the guitars on Kronet til Konge and Monumental Possession.
Apollyon played the bass on 666 International, the drums on Satanic Art and the guitars on MonumentalPossession. On the last 31 shows of European tour he played the live drums.
Czral played the drums and guitars on 666 International. 
Mr. Magic Logic (=Hologram) plays the keyboard and the grand piano on Satanic Art and 666 International. 
Mr. Fixit (=Vicotnik) plays the guitars on Satanic Art and 666 International. He played the drums on Kronet til Konge and Monumental Possession
Inflabitan was guitarist/bassist on the tour with Dimmu Borgir 
Galder played the guitar on Satanic Art. 
Cerberus played the bass on Satanic Art 
Alver played the bass on Monumental Possession.
Fenriz played the bass on Kronet til Konge.
All lyrics by Aldrahn

The members of Dodheimsgard play in other bands:
Aldrahn: None at the moment, probably Thorns, if Blackthorn wanted tour with it
Apollyon: Aura Noir, Lamented Souls, Cadaver + more
Czral: Aura Noir, Inferno, Ved Buens Ende  (Ved Buens Ende is no more.), Cadaver + more:
Fixit: Ved Buens Ende:.. (Ved Buens Ende is no more.)
Magic Logic: Fleurety




