This is the nyghte of nyghts - vve steale the starrs from heaven

Adorne a crovvne of the bryde,
- vvho giveth a chylde to the dragon...
This is the nyghte of nyghts,
- vve open all yer hearts so vvyde
Vvith hooks and blaydes and sharpen'd steele,
Vvith nayles and thornes and burning sealls
Children shrieks cutte the ayre,
- ascende from crustie stones,
A dagger blayde flasheth so neare,
- pandemonick trumpett bones,

Nayked bodies, curlling harde,
- convulsions tvviste the shelle
Fleshe is bleeding, ghoulish guarde,
- deepe thunder roaring bell.
Thou shalt not see - a singlestone
Revealing that his truth is nyghe,
But be crushed under the rock,
- revealing his terrible lie!

[Chorus:]
Eate his bodie,
Drink his blood,
Embrayse his spirit,
Feaste on his hearte,
Grab deepe the teethe in skinne so thinne,

Tayke his great vvorde, fullfill our sinne!

He turneth sense to madnesse
He nayleth the hearts

Reddemptio is nothing (nesse)
...and nothing vvill be redeem'd.
Enlyghten'd torches licke the vaulte,
- challice consecrated in blyghte
On moones zenith releese for the lorde,
- their bloode for his most inner lyghte

Stench of foulenesse, dying pulse,
- diabolick choirs, lyfelesse voyce
Agonick creeping, living dolls,
- no vvay bakk, there is no choyce...
Our throate becometh an open grayve;
Vve'll use our sperm to deceive
The venom of asps is to be under our lipps;
Vve'll be arm'd vvith lyonne teethe
Our mouthe vvill spitte out cursses,
Lethall spells vve'll vveave
Our feete vvill svvifte to shedd bloode;
On our paths of ruin and greede,
Can't ye see - his majestie - openeth his hearte so vvyde
Vvhere vve vvill goe - vve neede no more
- our ovvn heartebeates insyde
Vve feaste on him on liquidd sinne
- for there appeareth golden soyle,
One eye, one hearte, one soule, one vvorde -
For slayves vve are,
For this triumphe vve boyle...
This is the nyghte of nyghts, vve open all our arms so vvyde

Vvith dugger, svvorde and rustie scythe,
Vvith acid, flayme and brimstone knyfe.
This is the nyghte of nyghtes, and all shall beare vvitnesse,
The sunne vvill drovvne in the rayging sea,
And the moone vvil follovv the finallie...

This is the nyghte of nyghts, on brethren ye all shall follovve,
The path of the laste redeeming rytes,
A path throughe the infernall hollovv.
This is the nyghte of lyghts, vve strangle the glayre of the future,

Vve aflayme yer deepest nigtmares vvylde,
And sacrifyce them for his creature.
(vvhat remayneth vvill be throvvn to the vultures.)
Ah!

