[Music: Schlachter / Lyrics: Hansen, Schlachter]

When I wake up at the end of the day
The moon comes out, the sun fades away
I get myself out of my bed and feel I die
Is it really me now - could this be the real thing
Is there someone else to ease the pain
So easy, so easy now, has it really gone too far

It don't matter anyhow, sometimes I feel like an
Echo in the wind, that's not coming back again

I look inside my head and what I see
Are the reflections of the world.
And I see genius and insanity

Say you're alive - you're part of the show
You came to foresee the signs on the wall

So many tried in vain - they know the truth
Learn - how to live and fight and learn-
How to fight them right and learn - how to live and take it all

You can be strong if you know who you are
The signs on the wall say move on before it's too late

Can you see them? Do you want to be the one who's creeping on the floor?
Could it be forever? Could it all be lies?
The chaos is a killer and he knows who will fall

Help me - I need some help
Now is there someone out there
What are you waiting for
You're on the road to nowhere
The only way I know

Maybe I'm wrong, I haven't got a clue
Don't know where I belong - tell me what is true

Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me

Are you out there?
Won't you help me?
Don't know where I would go
Is there real life... forevermore?
And remember... "Keep smiling... Jesus loves you!"
That's what they say...
Can you cry forever?
It's just a matter of taste
But you say, "Do you, do you know what the truth is?"

Think don't think - what can you see
Our life is just a fantasy of someone we will never see
Therefore I break down in laughter
Now as I change my point of view
There's nothing left to make me blue - never again - no more
Come on in my friend and join the ball
Everything is beautiful - even the band - it's magic
Imagine you're a superstar you gonna fly
You gonna go far - so far

Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Oh won't you come to heal me - hear me
Heal me! Heal me! Heal me!

