I've offered flesh so tear to the fucking bone.
Heavenly father why has thou left his children to burn, left his children to burn.

Taught to fear the unknown the struggle of the psyche.
All as one gathering the young,
Brainwashed to the fear almighty.

To fight, to rape, to steal, to kill,
Murdering the innocent surrendering their will.
Forged in your image feeling no guilt.
Breeding sickened life to keep the common man at bay, needless information consumed there is no escape.
Watch as our culture wastes away.
Engorged by our idiocy, engulfed within the flames.

Stare into the cosmos behold an infinite possibility.
To quench human desire, our never ending worldly fire.
A war of the superior, the mind in constant motion.

I feel the discord, I feel it rising, through the bloodshed and through all the fighting.

Constantly growing, always adapting, we are a bullet with no destination.
Fired from within using grim calculation.
Bear witness to change consider this divine intervention.

What can you gain through this bloodshed,
Why is this the choice we've been given.
To bow down and kneel, all knees to the earth.

I feel the discord, I feel it rising, through all the bloodshed and through all the fighting.

What a horrid thing to waste.
Human kind the parasitic beast.
Rotten minds.
Corrupted poison, filth.

Can you feel it how human kind is forever drowning.
A dwindling flame fighting against the wind .
Crushed beneath the gears of deaths frontier.
We will fight till the end piling bodies to make amends.

What have we gained through this bloodshed.
I've offered flesh so tear to the fucking bone.
Heavenly father why has thou left his children to burn.

King me, finally at last.
We are carnage.
We are war.
Ending lineage settling scores.

The absolution of hatred.

I bear a curse, the sins of forefathers.
Leader of violence, a control of the masses.

Constantly growing, always adapting we are a bullet with no destination.
Fired from within using grim calculation.
Bear witness to change consider this divine intervention.

I feel the discord I feel it rising through all the bloodshed through all the fighting.
I've offered flesh so tear to the fucking bone.




