[Originally performed by Venom]

Somewhere in time we were born,
And brought blood, lust, hatred and scorn,
Your sorry now you trusted me,
Now I command that you get down on your knees
For

Hell the deceiver,
Satan's child,
Your a believer,
And we're going wild.

Put away all your virtues,
Stop your climbing the walls,
Just sign your name on the paper,
We'll have ourselves a ball.

Was it the battle of envy,
You were so mighty and brave,
But your foolish compulsions,
Sent you to the grave.

Hell has deceived you,
You were so blind,
Just like all mortals,
You'll loose your mind.

Hell has deceived you,
You were so blind,
Join venoms legions,
Cause we're going wild.

Line up:
It - Guitars, talks, whispers, additional vocals
Bone - Battery
All - Vocals
Night - Guitars, additional bass
Mist - Bass

Recorded at Abyss studios, October 1996
Mixed at Abyss studios, November 1996
Engineered by P. Tagtgren
Co - Engineer by M. Hedlund
Mastered by James Murphy
Assisted by James Michael
for sound temple productions
All songs produced by Ophthalamia
Cover art by Stolen
Elishia art by It an J. Christ
Photos by Desire
Art direction and layout by It

Why we did this:
Let us go back a couple of years. Ophthalamia has existed for about five years (1994) and finally our long awaited debut album was to see light of day.
I was pretty displeased with the album back then, and looking to it now I think the album is a major disaster. Honestly.
Back then All and I had some hard times and even though it was always meant for him to do the vocals on the album. I chose to give someone else that honor. Now that is corrected and All gives his best on the album. I personally think that he is one of the absolutely best singers in this scene. I remember now that I wanted to name the album A long journey, but forgot the title in all the stress and name it A journey in darkness. That error is also corrected here. As for the layout At that time I had no big thoughts or visions about layout. I sent a couple of photos and the lyrics to Roberto, who was releasing the album through his label Obscure Plasma (Avantgarde), and he did everything he could with it, I guess. Poorer layout hardly exists in my opinion. I and a few others have worked hard on this album just to give you the packaging the songs really deserve. I think the songs are great even though I heard them a million times.
The art is not all that went wrong in the past.
The label chose not to press the album anymore and I thought the songs really deserved more attention. The poor quality of the sound can only be blamed on the engineer and the studio: again that error is corrected as we searched out the best of studios and Re-recorded the songs with ultimate quality. Peter and his Abyss studios gave us what we wanted. Also, all those small errors with who made the songs and who played what have really annoyed me. The engineer did not produce the album for an example, we did. And I guess we always will.
The songs are more complex, more well played and the second guitar really fits the songs to other dimensions. And Bone really beats the shit out of the drums. I am very pleased with the new line up. In short a lot of things went wrong and I am glad that We could erase the errors of the past. I would like to say that there only exists one version of this album and that is the one you are holding right now. 
Now I leave the scene forever.

Darkness It Shall Be - It mars 1997




