[Act IV – Evil Reigns Supreme]

The Day has come for us to join
Around the Altar of hell
Perfect night of unholy desires
Burn the Church where their priests dwell
Eternal is our hate for them
In Hellfire we want them to burn
Sacrifice the virgin ones
To our mighty Lord in Hell

As darkness devours the light to Christ
Creatures petrified, mask their eternal dismay
Triumphant moon oversees the damnable rites
About to commence on this unholy day...

The priest arrives from darkened shadows with fire at his feet
Stares at her, the chosen one, pain and suffering she will meet
Her naked body is nailed to the floor, her feet spread open wide
The priest kneels down upon her, seed of the antichrist in her Pride!

The chalice is filled with the blood of the innocent
And is poured upon the face of Christ
Spit on his face for every promise he broke
Mock his followers – time for Satan to rise...

Satan! Rise!
From the abyss of total darkness
Heed our call
For thy presence amongst us
Devil! Rise!
From the abyss of total darkness
Demons! Rise!
Shemhamforash...

The ground shivers as a fissure opens wide
Invoked, the beast glimmers with pride
The dreaded scythe of Death is raised
Her soul is about to be raped and praised

Fire spewed out of the Demon’s mouth
As He spoke of his demands
Sacrifice to the Devil’s delight
Spill the life of the undefiled!
Anxious eyes watching attentively as the axe is thrown up high
The blade comes down upon her neck, not even a moment to cry

Blood stains the filthy ground
As we drool upon the quintessence
Drink frantically the immortal broth
Blessed by the hand of Astaroth
Her soul tears away from virtue
To plunge into morose depths
Down into the bottomless pits
That are Shaitan’s domain

Contorted limbs of the agonized extend towards the plunging spirit
Vain tears of misery, Surge down though obscurity
Virtuous beauty lost to the hands of blemish!

Christ is hung upside down as we hail the Evil One
May your name be cursed eternally, o rotting bastard son

Virgin birth from the whore of Abigor
Proclaimed himself the saviour of man
False! Impostor! Your king has died
Fallen forever under the domain of our Master...

Satan! Rise!
From the abyss of total darkness
Heed our call
For thy presence amongst us
Devil! Rise!
From the abyss of total darkness
Demons! Rise!
Shemhamforash...

