[music and lyrics by Nergal]

[Chapter I: The forbidden legacy ov a fallen race]

[instrumental]

[Chapter II: Invocation ov the watch gods]

O Mighty Watcher!
Thou art all and all art in Thee
free me from mortals
intoxicate with Thy self love
O Mighty Sentinel!
Thou art the concious one
break the monotony ov existence
that I may illuminate!

uncrowned in Tarterean Sulphur
elder than the Memphian kings
Thy reign so timeless and infinite
ever silent watchers, whom mankind yet aches to embrace
grand me Thy Promethean rays
blacker than light...
cunquering lion-headed god
by the name ov Legion dost Thou arrive

[lead: Nergal]

Thou hast seen the prophets in the desert
Thou hast bled for the fallen idols from beyond
prevailing stregth hath made Thee greater
than the god...
from amongst the million dead angels army
Azazel, begotten not ov human race
honour the divinity vision ov victorious sun
open wide your glimmering eyes
bathe in divinity ov loneliness
empowered in self creation
shine inward!
Shemyaza! the profoundest one
spread Thy wings
the desolate one
Thy disease untamed within the sinister self...

O Mighty Watcher!
Thou art all and all art in Thee
free me from mortals
intoxicate with Thy self love
O Mighty Sentinel!
Thou art the concious one
break the monotony ov existence
that I may illuminate!

[lead: Seth]

[Chapter III: The splendorous return]

[background lead: Nergal]

beyond all cowardness!
hast Thou no fear?
spit out the blasphemy!
strive unto sin...

seduce Thyself
o mighty seer!
the ancient voyager
blind me with light

the sleepless ones
in aimless andering
Thou must first fall
to reign in blasphemy...

["The Reign ov Shemsu-Hor" was inspired by Andrew Collins book "From the ashes of the angels. The forbidden legacy of a fallen race", where he reveals that fallen angels were flesh and blood members ov a race predating our own. Shemsu-Hor was a sacred society which existed in Egypt before the ancient Egyptians. it is said thay were the founders ov Egyptian culture, built the Sphinx and other megalithic monuments. Collins finds arguments that Shemsu-Hor were equal to biblical nephilims. culture's anti-heroes and fallen gods have always been very attractive to me and by its rebellious nature close to my own ethics. this is my tribute to the Fallen Ones. musically it is an enormous, three-piece epic voyage through centuries in search for a liberty, beauty and wisdom. I believe I managed to bring the Ancient's breath into that song by exporing some unique eastern guitar scales as well as using really precise orchestrations.]

Behemoth, the very Voice ov the very Silence is:

Nergal - lead and rythm guitars, acoustics, all vocals, invocations
Inferno - drums and percussion
Orion - bass guitars

Seth - session lead, rhythm and acoustic giutars

Guest ending lead on "XUL" by Karl Sanders (Nile)
Karl Sander appears courtesy of Relapse Records

Music by Nergal
Arrangments by Behemoth
Lyrics by Nergal and Krzysztof Azarewicz
All incantations, spells and hieroglyphics by Krzysztof Azarewicz


Thanks to dodo.godlike for correcting track #3 lyrics.
Thanks to ftr, jellekalsbee, tyerr1994_ for correcting track #9 lyrics.


