Like ants, crushed under human feet
Mankind shall be destroyed
The universe, turned into a total void
By the power of Satan
A black chaos, spreading like a fierce disease
Tear the heavens open wide
The black chaos, raging like a burning tide
Behold the power of Satan

Skies turned black, the light has ceased to be
Cold is the earth 
Yet scorched by the eternal fire
Ashes are all that remains of the creation
An ocean of darkness drowns the universe
An instant cosmic death
Spawned forth by the misantrophic breed of the one
Once fallen from grace

Light... Doomed... 
The world, a vast and perpetual tomb
The earth... turned to sand... 
Rejoice, universal death is at hand

Like ants, crushed under human feet
Mankind has been destroyed
The universe, turned into a total void
Behold the power of Satan
The black chaos, brought the heavens down in flames 
Life shall be no more
The black chaos, triumphant in the final war 
Behold the power of Satan

Damnation brought upon the children of god
Eternal death is coming for you all

Fallen angels rising with a fury for ages unseen
Thousand years in chains fueled the hatred towards him
The creator and corrupted judge, now weeping in blood
Witnessing the end
Paralyzed by fear 
Mourning the rebellion of those he once created and controlled

Light... Doomed... 
The world, a vast and perpetual tomb
The earth... turned to sand... 
Rejoice, universal death is at hand

Behold the destruction of gods puzzle
Laid to waste by the spiritual force of evil
A miracle you say? Creating the whole in six days
That is nothing compared to the power of our Father
Who smashed it all in less than a moment
A creation as fragile as a castle built with dust
Blown away by the Devil's breath

Released by Avantgarde Music in 2004.

"Cometh Doom, Cometh Death" was recorded, produced and mixed at the Wolf's Lair by Marcus E. Norman.
Vocals recorded at Dead Silent Studios, engineered by Jens Ryden.

Mastered at Ballerina Audio by Nils Johansson and Marcus E. Norman.

Front cover illustration by Jason Juta.
Photos by Kristoffer Olivius and Maria Norman.
Layout by Peter Norman




