[Candlelight]

Would you believe me if I told you.
I'm glad that it's over, would you believe me.
Every night I saw your face and it was enough for me, my candlelight.
Would you believe me.
Could you believe that I am yearning?
Right there by your side, could you believe me.
Even if you speak no words but I sense you close to me, my candlelight.
Could you believe me?
When two souls are made for each other, why forever won't they fly together?
Wandering like the captive in your mind, searching on.
Every night in this world, when I'm awake but still dreaming 'bout our lives.
I can see where this path is leading us.
No one will believe me but It's meant to be.
That someday I will find you close to me, do you believe me, please believe me, believe me.

[Shadowland]

Fearing, falling, screaming.
Shapeless shadows surrounding me.
Fearing, falling, screaming.
No one knows this place so real.
Survived the chaos but drifted to this land.
They captured my life, no compromise.
My world named Shadow Land.
Only my spirit will walk here alone.
Nothing here, what can I do.
That's what you get when betray your own kind.
Not even wanting to die.
I've tried.
Thoughts float away as the years pass by.
This place is worse than Hell.
Nothing has happened during all this time.
Someone, let me die.
Fearing, falling, screaming,
Shapeless shadows surrounding me.
Fearing, falling, screaming.
No one knows this place so real.
Hiding far behind the stars.
Dark place meant for me trying to find reality.
Safe from all the lies alone in my mind.
Been here too long, no way to survive.
Sometimes I can hear a voice from the past.
Don't know what it is, don't know what it says.
Suddenly I can reach the person behind and the dust dissipates far away.
Now I know who he is, learned the power to believe.
I'll read his mind and soon I'll have the power of this whole universe.
Hiding far behind the stars.
Dark place meant for me trying to find reality.
Safe from all the lies alone in my mind.
Been here too long, no way to survive.
I've tried.

[Chaos And Destruction]

[Instrumental]

[Feelings]

Again this day unseen sets my feelings in between my broken destiny, oh, never could I see, behind this cold reality.
Want to come with me, feel moment of eternity.
Try to hear the melody of my yearning symphony.
My yearning symphony, my yearning symphony.
Behind these shadows of mankind, waiting for the time when I can return, I return.
With you together but never here.
I stand alone, waiting when you will learn, when you learn.
Second time your evil soul filled my mind with these black holes.
We were close to see your end, but now I hear your voice again.
You were waiting for surrender, found yourself a big pretender.
Can you hear the sound of rain?
It keeps my mind away from pain.
Much too long I was waiting, fear my soul was faintly fading.
Why do I have to be here?
Come on and read between these lines and feel how...

Every night in this world, when I'm awake but I am dreaming 'bout my life.
I can see where this path is leading me.
You won't believe it but it's meant to be.
And you'll create this reality, so can you hear mighty screams of my broken history.

Now I'm captured in this cell, all alone inside this hell.
This time it's my creation and with this I'll gain salvation.
You believe in everlasting, don't know why but I'm not fearing.
Save your words for the ending, 'cause this time your soul is burning.
All my life filled with pain but I know I'm not insane.
Only dark surrounding me, oh, Gods please set me free.
Come on and read between these lines and feel how...

Every night in this world, when I'm awake but I am dreaming 'bout my life.
I can see where this path is leading me.
You won't believe it but it's meant to be.
And you'll create this reality, so can you hear mighty screams of my broken history.
My broken history.

Time for final lines, where I will tell how I fell...
I am free (you are free from your mind, can't you see).
I will never forget what you've done to my life and you know I'll return (as longs as you live).
I must believe that I can set us free.
This moment of our lives has gone with the wind.
Every night of my life I'm praying in darkness.
Behind these gates my only friends are these sad walls and we are flying away together in silence.
Silence.

