Sound the sirens to the masses
All now will be forced to fathom
Spreading through the fields is mass corruption

Some sick point of view derived from ignorant assumption

A dissonant nation falls in the age of a monetary error
A system depraved of equality turns the wheels of sadistic monotony
The crust of the earth gives way as our city's fueled by the toxic waste
As our world begins to shake and strike down upon the human race

Politicians preach of freedom and peace
Unaware they are the puppets of a heartless elite
And in time my words and others will bring you to your knees
You have awakened, now's your chance to fight for what you believe

Awaken from sickened beliefs
Stand your ground, we fight for what we believe

Is it fair they scorch them to ashes?
Drench the plains in sulfuric acid
Children die for personal profit
Such outdated misuse of logic
As they kneel to worship false prophets
They look down upon this planet, a tar pit
Lost a generation of progress
Left in the dark, what have we accomplished?

[Speech]
And now it seems that in spite of multiple warnings, we've still made moves to colonize other world to rape and murder with a fresh, new place. This is me saying here and now that we cannot, will not allow such hubris, such failure. A species cannot survive as parasites
when there is no more food left.
When this world collapses, we will go down with it. That is our redemption. This is the end.
[End Speech]

Simple systems survey the world
Too much work spent regressing to a corner of doubt
Every victim's voice will be heard
And neither government nor god will stand in our way.
Enter into sorrow unforgotten
And face the beast you created when you stepped on our homes
Nothing now will stand in our wake
And every action now progressing will fuel a new age

A dissonant nation falls in the age of a monetary error
A system depraved of equality turns the wheels of sadistic monotony
The crust of the earth gives way as our city's fueled by the toxic waste
As our world begins to shake and strike down upon the human race...

We are.. The indifferent.
Your words are worthless.. And I resent them.

We are.. The indifferent.
Structures diminished.. From our resentment. 

FUCK.

We are.. The indifferent.
Your words are worthless.. and I resent them.

Thanks to victor.8d.perez for sending track #5 lyrics.


