[I Rain Of Stars]

Behold the rain of stars - The awakening of darkened skies
Falling from the dark - The symphony of dying lights
Behold the rain of stars - The blazing fire came pouring down
Falling from the dark - And life and death became unbound
Sons of winter and stars - Rise!
Sons of winter and stars - Rise!
Sons of winter and stars! Rise! Rise!
Fly with us through the darkness
Sons of winter and stars! Rise! Rise!
And we shall embrace the stars
And we shall open the doors of time

[II Surrounded By Darkness]

I have awaken the darkness
Taste the fear! Taste the pain!
I am the one who seeks vengeance
Into the darkness we fly
Into the shadows they hide
Into the darkness we fly
They will never survive, they ́ll die
Oh they will die!
I sacrifice everything, just for one moment
I throw away everything that matters to me the most
I ́m flying through the darkness
The fire casts a shadow on me
I tear a part of my heart for creation of dimensions
And we fly beyond the restless shadows
We fly beyond the stars
We fly beyond the birth of the worlds
So old I ́ve become - Thousand years staring into emptiness
But now I realize - That it was just an illusion
All this time I thought it was you that would save the sun
Oh rain comes and washes the hate away
Now I am at the crossroads with questions
Somewhere, someday I will find what I am here for
Who am I

[III Journey Inside A Dream]

I ́m wondering now where will you take me
From the horizon the light comes alive
Into the mountains high we set our way
Will we find our way in this long winter night
I see the land of fading sun and rising mountains
And I finally feel that I ́ve found my home
But oh, how it feels so cold when my dreams wither in fragments of time
Revealing that this land will die
Before the winds so cold
The world was shattered in the fragments of time
Before the autumn rains
The coldness will again awake
Falling snow, so soft and cold
Dying moon cast down so weak
Frozen lake, the dancing spirits
Calling me to join in the cosmic dream
The silence is tempting me now...

[IV Sons Of Winter And Stars]

We are the Sons of Winter and Stars
We ́ve come from a far beyond time
Forever the fire burns in our hearts
Our world shall never die
In the arms of the wind we ride till dawn
As the waves of the ocean grind so strong
We wander in the stars until we ́re gone
Our fate is sealed by eternal sun
Until we fade away - Fate will find it ́s way
Until we drift into the dark
It ́s not too late to find a way - Fate will find it ́s way
And fly in cold embrace of stars
Mysteries of time
Unfolding in cosmic dreams
Leaving life and death meaningless
Before the revelation of infinity
Embrace the stars!
The energy flows in me like a river of stars
I ́m surrounded by the circle of fire, but eternal ice has frozen my heart
I ́m lost in the pathways of time
But now the time has come for us!
We are the Sons of Winter and Stars!

