Lord of glory, make us worthy to possess your name. Lord of glory, make us worthy to possess your name. And give us a new name. And call us your people, God. And give us a new name.

Ezekiel 36:26-28 – “I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you; I will remove from you your heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh. And I will put my Spirit in you and move you to follow my decrees and be careful to keep my laws. You will live in the land I gave to your forefathers; you will be my people and I will be your God.”

Lord of glory, make us worthy to possess your name. Lord of glory, make us worthy to possess your name. And give us a new name. And call us your people, God. And give us a new name.

[Message:]
And through all of this, there is nothing, absolutely nothing, no fear, no
insecurity, no doubt, no hesitation that will ever, ever stop us. Because we
are the sons of the living God, because we are the children of the Almighty,
because we are the residents of the kingdom of heaven, and we are soldiers in
an army of the immortal. And when we speak life, life happens, and when we
speak healing, healing happens, and when we speak truth, truth happens. And
when we go take what we found to a dead world, we'll see it come to life again,
and when we take what we found to a hopeless world, we'll see hope come back.
We'll see the heart of our world start beating again, and we'll see the color
come back into people's faces. Absolutely nothing will ever stop that.
Mountains will move before us, and oceans will part before us, and the dead
will raise before us. And the world will know that our God is the God that
heals, and our God is a God that lives, and our God is a God that loves, and
like anything that anyone has ever felt before, because we are fearless, and
because we are His hands, and because we are His feet. Forever, and ever.

Lord of glory, make us worthy to possess your name. [x6]

Restoration is here.

Thanks to krazzyspaz for correcting track #10 lyrics.


