Hey kids give me all your fuckin' money, got a hundred mac books and I swear I'm not a druggie.
I'm on that real shit, now it's time to get pissed.
If you get offended, fuck you, suck my dick.

These bitches say they got love for their fans, but they're a fake and lie it's all a part of their plans.
This scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies, and you're a god damn fool if you trust the disguise.

Even Ronnie Radke talks shit on my Instagram, give me your address so I can hit you with a mic stand.
Send me a letter of all the guys that you blew, and that faggot you butt-fucked name is Christopher Drew.
How can you talk down on your biggest fan, your career is on its way to the garbage can.
I'm a multi-tasking badass and you're a disgrace, watch me laughing my ass off while I'm pissing in your face.
Uh, the ladies love me cause I always fuck 'em good, flip 'em over do the tongue trick and treat 'em with a big dick.
My name is always in the headlines stirring up your kids minds. check it.
If you hate gay people you should get your ass beat, you're a close-minded faggot bitch kiss my feet.
I don't live for tomorrow, and fuck For Today, I tried to pray to God but I'm too busy gettin' paid.

These bitches say they got love for their fans, but they're a fake and lie it's all a part of their plans.
This scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies, and you're a god damn fool if you trust the disguise.

These bitches say they got love for their fans, but they're a fake and lie it's all a part of their plans.
This scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies, and everybody is fucking gay.

Now that everybody knows, here we go, let the haters unfold.
Start a motherfucking riot, bitch you love it and you can't even deny it. Fuck the world, everyone sucks dick.
Bitch I never gave a fuck about your problems read a book and fuckin' solve 'em.
Cry a motherfucking river full of lies and get a attention, it's a pity party.
Eat my shit, then I'll pretend to give a fuck about it.

Hey Westboro basptist. fuck you too, come and protest this dick. faggots.

