Take a look at who's standing before you, how does it feel to know you shunned us from the start.
When we were begging for a chance to try, you shook your head and acted like it was a joke.
Now what, you've got your hand out to give an offer that we can't refuse, well you must not know me well.
Eat shit, you're a hypocrite and I don't forget the past bitch, You must be a brain dead fool.
Yeah, Don't forget your past, everyone can see through you.
Fame will never last, so let the new kings take the throne.
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got love for us, but what about last year?
I remember what you said behind our back and you sweared to your god that we wouldn't do shit.
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got love for us, but what about last year?
I remember what you said behind our back and you sweared to your god that we wouldn't do shit.
We are the new kings.
We are the new kings.
GO!
Look in the eyes of a king.
Hold that thought let me explain,
You're a double crossing liar, caught up crossfire started up a fuckin' fire and I threw it right back,
Suck it.
You will never be forgiven, not as long as I'm here livin',
and I'm never going to forget just how you treated us like shit right when we needed help the most.
Yeah, don't forget your past.
Everyone can see through you, fame will never last, So let the new kings take the throne.
You changed your fucking mind? Oh yeah? Well I don't forget, HAHAHAHA.
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got love for us, but what about last year?
I remember what you said behind our back and you sweared to your god that we wouldn't do shit.
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got love for us, but what about last year?
I remember what you said behind our back and you sweared to your god that we wouldn't do shit.
It's always like this, when people try to change their mind as if I would forget.
Well I don't forget.
I remember everytime you put us down and all the fucking reasons why you said we wouldn't go anywhere.
I don't forget!
I remember all the shit you talked behind our back and all the lies you spread among the people that you call your friends.
I don't forget!

Thanks to dennis_charland for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to Cannibalcow for sending tracks ## 2, 4 lyrics.
Thanks to vweck06 for sending tracks ## 4, 10, 14 lyrics.
Thanks to daryo42 for sending track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to deathspank210 for sending track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to heartagramguy85 for sending track #10 lyrics.
Thanks to Unforgeeving, heartagramguy85 for correcting track #10 lyrics.
Thanks to crossfirey for correcting track #11 lyrics.
Thanks to insomnium.lol, cannokolb for correcting track #13 lyrics.


