In secretest conveyance, I say
forfeit all tongues to Death as hitherto
they maintained the memory of the prime Architect
and welcome instead, with yells and hysteria,
the language, mockery of the Logos,
that tastes bitter ashes alike
and mimics exploding hiss.
By repetition, incantation and privation of the psyche
thou shalt summon words that to the mind are bane
and forevermore close your soul to the heavenly stars.
You may lament aloud:
dawn shall henceforth rise within a suffocating tomb.

Among all carnage present and past
only one grave matters,
hollow and hopelessly out of reach,
the Grave of Singularity,
over which weeps the Mother of All,
saddened unto Death.

The further the abasement of Man, the more
he thinks of himself as angelic throng,
just and saintly!
Thou shalt celebrate the unquestionable perfection
of this world without end,
in which Life faces dissolution,
with ceaseless Prayers, degenerate Song
and obsequious discipline,
for thy flesh is nothing
but a receptacle for Law ironclad,
ever since thy volition sunk
into the deepest of Abysses!

Thou shalt accept thy Revelation
as your beginning and your end,
all other things you are to abjure with spite!
What thy Lord commands with repulsive voice
tolerates neither addition nor love, nor faith.
Only prevenient submission and servitude
to the utmost limits of the fearful self!
Thou shalt reap lush reward
for taking that solemn oath...
thy heart shall breed the larvae of plagues
and depletion will complement dearth
in thy hapless pursuit of a merciful void.
See? Thy faith is not void of wonders!

O Father! Iatros! Witness thou anon!
The rotten splendor of what once was thy realm,
now shivering at the black threshold of the grave,
deprived of the compass of duality,
hence wretched and drowning in tenfold confusion.
Death, adorned with refined rags,
parades endlessly in a mimicry of Life,
as innumerable crowds flagellate themselves
in delirious adoration.
The malformed progeny of Sin and Virtue
reeks of such outrage to the Universe
that even Titans flee submerged with nausea,
lacking the strength to face this crime,
which contains all crimes as one!

