Gather in the trenches
Gather, one and all
Gather in the killing fields
To amass and gnaw upon the fortress walls...

Here the flames of carnage burn the weakest of men
The bastards of a world destined to falter and fail.
We abolish the blasphemies of feeble flesh
My presence enervates all life within my wake.

Here we lay roots upon these cursed lands
Reclaiming the glory of the necrolords
The threads of fate and domination resonate through me
My soldiers of bone shall march like puppets in hordes.

[Chorus:]
From Necropolis they march in my name
My empire, my nation, they carry the flame
At my behest, arise the undead and restless
Marching as one...for progress and conquest.

Gather to the ruins
Gather as the nations fall
Gather all the raw remains
To bolster and build the stronghold walls.

Here is where I’ve watched the mortal queens and kings
Plead before me on bended knees
The decrepit and corrupt that lead the masses of minds
Like parasites they feed; they would defy our disease.

There is no power here but mine, and no bargains to gain
No wealth among thralls that dwell in gibbets of rust
All minions shall be roused by the force of my will
Every corpse called upon the war to do as they must.

[Repeat chorus]

Terminals built upon the bulwarks
Massacre intruders to my domain
Zeppelins patrol the skies in prodigious arcs
Across this mausolean terrain.

We dissect the land and its inhabitants in the name of my research
The sciences of arcane mysteries shall be unveiled at last
Thus we shall assail, slay and prevail against the tribes of mankind
And banish memories of freedom and mortality to the past.

I, the sovereign lich queen declare this world at war
Come heroes, creatures, and gods - for I am the one to abhor.
My destiny etched in dragons’ bones - who dares to challenge my reign?
I am the scion of life’s bane!

Lilith Astaroth – Vocals
Phantom Cyr – Keyboards (track 2), Vocals (additional) (track 5)
Prometheus B. Subrick – Drums, Percussion, Vocals (additional) (track 5)
Defiler Thane – Bass (track 5)
Morte McAdaver – Rhythm guitars, Lead guitars (tracks 3, 6, 10, and 11), Bass (all tracks except tracks 1 and 5), Keyboards (all tracks except tracks 2, 4, and 8), Vocals (additional) (track 5)




