Do you have this hole in your chest
In which the wind sings its whistling song?
That makes you lose all the things which are best
And bleeds and hurts for oh so long.

Our blood doesn’t unite us
But it will always feed the soil
The soil we stand on just like in the past
With hands so weak from this hardest toil.

Wrapping ourselves in the mist of words
Losing ourselves among the mirrored smiles
We forget that all the doors will someday close
And that we don’t have that much time.

There will never be peace
While we’re at war with ourselves
Until we are complete
As long as we hide our wounded hollowness so well

Looking on life through the looking glass
And pretend that we don’t see a thing
Time runs out first and it runs out fast
And it knows best how to make you sink.

Everyone can wake up at the very bottom
Where darkness clings so tight that it blinds the eyes.
But no one’s walk of life is defined
We all can try not to lose this priceless gift of life.

© 2013 WALL OF THE EYELESS.
 BY SL.

SL – electric, acoustic and bass guitars, vocals, harmonica
SIMON – drums and percussion

Recorded at Endarker Studio, Norrköping, Sweden in 6 days (LATE JANUARY 2013).
Produced and engineered by Magnus "Devo" Andersson. Co-produced by SL.
Mixed by Magnus "Devo" Andersson and SL.
Mastered by Jens Bogren at Fascination Street Studios, Örebro, Sweden, FEBRUARY 2013.
Drawings and sketches used in the artwork by ПС.
Artwork, design, layout, photography and concept by SL.

After a lot of good and great feedback we've received after the release of our first demo, “Through Emptiness”, and our dedication to music we've got an opportunity to push everything to a new level. This record, which is entitled “Wimfolsfestta”, is basically our second demo, but it's much more than that. It's a thought-through record which has a concept in everything - in music, lyrics and artwork.
The CD has 4 tracks with the total running time of almost 27 minutes and was recorded and mixed in Endarker Studio (MARDUK, FUNERAL MIST, RAGNAROK, etc.) with MARDUK’s bassist Magnus “Devo” Andersson as a producer and mastered by Jens Bogren at Fascination Street Studios (KATATONIA, SWALLOW THE SUN, OPETH, AMON AMARTH, BLOODBATH, etc.).

“Wimfolsfestta” is a big step up both production- and songwriting-wise.
The band’s concept is to combine music, lyrics and artwork to create one single picture.




