Spare the bullshit of your saviors love for me, Take thy words and indulge in his misery,
Finding out that you're just a lamb of rot, No one cares in this world of god forgot,
His belief in us long been said and gone, in our age where there is no fear of god,
I forsake you and I hate you holy one give us life just to take it when were done.

Behead you with the bible, the book of god and failing son,
There is no resurrection for god has left us to Satan,
Reach out in desperation receive his empty words of love,
Revel in man's creation; the light of god has turned to shit.

Mad at god for the things he's done to me, for this life of regrets and his agony,
In his name I do blame and wish his death, all my life has been pain and nothing else,
Curse you god for the life you left me with, everyday is a fight to want to live,
Cross of Christ I despise and hate the lord, mad at god for the world he has ignored.

My life is not religion, salvation or his bastard son,
Annihilate the bible; remove it from this world at once,
In total desecration, the house of god has been destroyed,
At last the truth will triumph, free will and blasphamation.

I hate you lord, forgot I exist, resent your ways that will not be forgived,
Waller in hatred I blame you for all, slashing and stabbing your Christians I maul,
Mad at god revenge in my heart wanting you dead will never depart,
When I was born, marked with your cross, only to suffer and deal with my loss,
Dead in my thoughts prey to myself, not to show mercy for nobody else,
I am for me, need not from god, my heart is stone and will never be loved.

Mad at god and mad at you, believing in something that cannot be true,
Think for yourself, free from his lies, trample the cross and smash Jesus Christ.

Die!!!!!!!!!!!
Mad At god!!!!! Mad At god!!!!!Mad At god!!!!!!Mad at god!!!!!!

My life is not religion, salvation or his bastard son,
Annihilate the bible; remove it from this world at once,
In total desecration, the house of god has been destroyed,
At last the truth will triumphed, free will and blasphamation one.

