I foresee at my end to be banished,
By your god for my life and branding
Never around, in the greatness of sorrow,
Screw your god and his UN writ moral.
Stifle god, and the idols of hatred,
Out of my heart, I have always been free,
One with no need all alone and satanic.
Wretched and Vile, fuck your god, de face him.
Who could believe in a lord that's demanding?
Hard to believe when we die we vanish,
In his deny and for all his creation,
Fuck your god and his righteous hatred.
You and your son, you are nothing but absence,
Something not there that controls this planet,
Only deceit do I see in your hallow
If you believe you will dwell in failure.
Fuck Your God, Holy mother for the whore she is,
Fuck your God, bible thumper preaching threats from hymn,
Fuck your god, his revival and the holy Ghost,
Fuck your god; only tell us what we need to know,
Fuck your god, pointing fingers and then do as me,
Fuck your god, you are nothing and you'll never be,
Fuck your god; it is Satan who in trusts my soul,
Fuck your god, where the Christians are I will not go.
Fuck your god!!!!!

Fuck his, commandments, and prophet's left stranded to die,
Not in my heart or my soul as I go through this life,
Good book of bullshit lay dirty with vengeance and lies,
Go fuck your Jesus and get- the- fuck out my sight.

Unity over flowing with anger,
It is our time to remove the savior,
Christians are weak and the bible is beaten,
Homage to god, in this world not needed.
Fuck your god an his annals of plager,
Falling apart and exposing the light,
I will not live by the words of their Jesus,
He did not die to protect or save me.
There is just blood in his book of deceiving,
Riddles and crap to his divine healing,
Fail is your faith and you blame it on Satan,
Christians can't see that their preys are wasted.
Not a slave to religion unrendered,
Falsified god and his Christ redempters.
Never to be in the presence of grandeur,
I am for me and forever after.

Fuck Your God, Holy mother for the whore she is,
Fuck your God, bible thumper preaching threats from hymn,
Fuck your god, his revival and the holy Ghost,
Fuck your god; only tell us what we need to know,
Fuck your god, pointing fingers and then do as me,
Fuck your god, you are nothing and you'll never be,
Fuck your god; it is Satan who in trusts my soul,
Fuck your god, where the Christians are I will not go.
Fuck your god!!!!! Fuck you!!!!

