[feat. JJ Peters of Deez Nuts]So So sick of the same thing Someone wake me up get me out of this dream
So So sick of a life on repeat Broken Record still spinning the same beat
Still dying still lying through your teeth
I still see disease in your eyes in these streets ever hour every day every week
Look at me I still remember everything
And I hope you walk the earth alone
And I hope you carry the weight of every lie you spun of every straw you placed that broke a back
I hope your dog blood rots you from the inside out
Get those middles fingers up cause
Fuck the government fuck the cops
Fuck authority and fuck the system
And fuck you too if you're fucking with them
Now whose side are you on? If you're not on mine. You're just a nark, just a snitch, just a bitch, don't pretend we are one and the same, And I'm so sick of the same shit
On repeat like it's Groundhog Day
There's always hell to pay and we are all just die in the end
Life's short, Down for anything,
FUCK A FAKE FRIEND.
I still see disease in your eyes in these streets ever hour every day every week
I still remember everything
And I hope you walk the earth alone and I hope you carry the weight
Of every lie you spun of every straw you placed that broke a back
I hope your dog blood rots you from the inside out.
Get those middles fingers up cause
Fuck the government fuck the cops
Fuck authority and fuck the system
And fuck you too if you're fucking with them
Now whose side are you on? If your not on mine You're just a nark, just a snitch, just a bitch, dont pretend we are one and the same.
So now the lines been drawn in the sand
You better fucking know on which side that you stand
and if there's a single doubt in your weak fucking mind
bet that we all know that you ain't one of our kind
the life we live ain't for the faint heart you see
so do your research before you try and walk this line g
this is for real we ain't playing no games
you fucking lame, we ain't one and the same bitch

I'm a dreamer, I've always been. Some would say the things I believe aren't realistic or obtainable. I've always wished for a just future where those in power strive to preserve the environment, sustain all forms of life and most importantly care for the people. People over profit should be an unquestionable trait in every politician. But sadly we live in a world corrupted by money and status. We destroy beautiful things to create and consume products that are both toxic to ourselves and to the places we live. I would liken these practices of the human race to a disease, a cancer eating away at the world until we eventually kill it. At the time of writing this song there have been countless acts of police violence against unarmed surrendering civilians on the news. These law enforcers are meant to serve and protect the public. They are there to make it as safe as possible. Not to shoot to kill someone who steals two cans of soda. There is no outcry from other policemen condemning their peers' actions, there is no scream for change with how they are educated in serving the public. This song is about endeavoring to being a conscious consumer. Living a just life in all regards. Having fun with your friends, doing what you love and not disrespecting those along your path who don't deserve it because if you can't change your own habits then how can you expect anyone else to. It's also a fuck you to those that don't.

