[Instrumental][Dedicated to the familes and friends that have suffered the loss from suicide.]

Bruce Fitzhugh:  Guitar
D. J.:  Bass/vocals
Lance Garvin:  Drums
Jason Truby:  Guitar

(the following is an exerpt from the CD)
December 1993
Our journey bgins Chrsitmas day.  A break from school and manual labor to do 
what we do best.  The rental van is loaded beyond capacity.  Evre guitar, 
every cab, every drum, the Crucified tapes.  Our destination.....Trauma.

As we arrive we are greeted by Joey Daub and are escorted down, into the 
basement.  Besides our no star motel, this is where we will live for the 
next week:  This is where we will pour out every ounce of aggression.

The next morning we understand why it is called Trauma.  The basement has 
flooded.  Only a minor setback.  A few hours and we're in.  Piece by piece.  
Kurt Bachman assesses the situation and makes a diagnosis.  With precision, 
Joey has sterilized and placed each instument.  Without hesitation, the 
first incision is made.  Relentless, day after day, something we enjoy.

As each midnight falls we find our way to the nearest convenient store.  
Ramen noodles, Doritos, and anything with caffeine.   There is always time 
for donuts.  Any iced-over parking lot will do.  Hopefully, the heat will 
work tonight.

Our days in Trauma are coming to an end.  Just a few more stitches.....Done. 
The fellowship will be remembered.  We have been very blessed to do what 
we love to do.  Thank you, Jesus.  We have reloaded our instuments of war 
and are headed home to await the release.  Jan '94

Summer of '94....Inhabit is received will.  Many tours will follow.  
Occasional shows with Malevolent Creation, Crowbar, and Gwar.  Something 
we'll never forget.

Now, in 1999, after lying dormant (out of print) for several years, there is 
hope for rebirth.  Inhabit will be unleashed once again.  Let the metal 
onslaught begin........

LANCE

Recorded Dec. 27, 1993 - Jan. 4, 1994 in Colbrook, PA at Trauma Studios.
Produced and recorded by the Trauma Team (Kurt and Joey).
Mixed in Feb. 1994 by Kurt, Joey and Ted.
Cover:  S. Durling.    Photo:  Wreland/S. Durling

www.livingsacrifice.com




