(More and more get me to the last floor
Fuck the whole fucking world...
Double dose don;t you dare God's debt?
On the edge of revenge pledge your allegiance
angels are playing darts on Jesus heart
Ain't shortcut damned smart?)

Cththonic
Hypnotic
Can't stop to fix her eyes
Offering my soul for ties
Stoned, Serpents defying
So stupefying.

Ecstatic
Orgasmic
When just a breath is like an ocean
And a whisper could even threat planet's motion
heart's noise even aggressive
So shut down... keep it stupefying!

(To be or not to be, maybe, believe it or leave
the rope eavesdrop to hopes, if so, get me some dope and...)

Hybrid, God's breed, infected, by SataN's seed
Purity was unbearable, this virus makes it stable
Hell greed, poison need, defeated, useless to heed
Just load to be able... to fall in this bottomless spiral

May the pit, be bottomless... full of Darkness... and the fall endless...
Nevertheless, the more never, the less we serve... God
To the Void, life we confess

Toxic
Anesthetic
Can't avoid to slide into her void
On a mirror some alkaloid
Whatever, I mean who cares this is stupefying

Catatonic
How ironic
Murdered in her sleep, betrayed by mirror
So kind to care her magic turning life to mineral
Life to mineral

Hybrid, God's breed, infected, by SataN's seed
Purity was unbearable, this virus makes it stable
Hell greed, poison need, defeated, useless to heed
Just load to be able... to fall in this bottomless spiral

Basilisk
Stoner magic
Can't move the slightest muscle
Without an apocalyptic struggle
She has Valium style, Xanax tide
...stupefying...

Lethargic
Apathetic
A shadow of the sun
Cursed paradox of beauty and disgust
As death, she is so, so stupefying

(Swallowed by Saturn's Hexagon
All stars are gone
Alone
With the Gorgon
Medusa)

Cthonic
Hypnotic
Can't stop to fix her eyes
Offering my soul for ties
Stoned, Serpents defying
So stupefying.

Catatonic
How ironic!
Murdered in her sleep, betrayed by mirrors
Usually so kind to care her magic. turning life to mineral...
...Life to mineral

Narcotic + Saint Vincent + Acid Jess
The trident

Music &amp; lyrics by SAINT VINCENT
"Lambda" music is adapted from Nick Cave / Mick Harvey tunes [The Mercy Seat], concept adapted from Igor Wakheivitch [Hathor],lyrics by Anna Kingsford [Clothed with the Sun]
"Sulphuric Acedia" music is adapted from JS Bach "Fantasy in G minor" [BWv 542], "Saturn" samples are taken from Cassini Huygens Mission to Saturn and Titan
Mixed and Mastered at the Necromorbus Studio by Tore Stjerna February 2008

This  album is part of joint venture with ABIGOR EAL 060
(C)End All Life Productions 2010




