Fantastical the landscapes and beings. Things thought to only inhabit our dreams. Beneath blankets of opaque ominous mist, a world wherein celestial creatures do exist. Excavation, samples we have to yield. Phenomenal truths to be revealed. Only in time will we come to
understand the nature of this bewitching new land.
Translucent flesh, showcasing vital organs and illuminated skeletal structures. Enchanted by otherworldly beings... How peculiar... Peculiar form of sustenance, draining life-force from other entities. Oh the discovery! Everything about them draws us in.
Curiosity! Our lust for knowledge requires a specimen on which to preform tests and dissection. What are the risks? No signs of aggression. We're going in. Upon the first sign of danger we'll close the gate.
Fantastical the landscapes and beings. Things thought to only inhabit our dreams. Beneath blankets of opaque ominous mist, a world wherein celestial creatures do exist. Excavation, samples we have to yield. Phenomenal truths to be reveled. Only in time will we come to
understand the nature of this bewitching new land.
Over time we've plotted our move, our gaze ever watchful. Analyzing samples, gathering intel. And yet they don't seem to have a clue that we're watching. Of what we're to do. In the dead of night whilst hidden from sight we steal this creature of light. On our way back
to our plane, in tow the creature we did confiscate. Let the research begin! Such glorious finding will be steeped in our sin! Sedation quickly takes effect, sprawled out so helplessly fulfill my morbid curiosity. Beneath our blades this creature regenerates, but with no
mist to breath it quickly becomes deceased. Commotion! What is that sound, coming form the other side? Extraterrestrials storm the gate... A force once believed to be impenetrable...Shatters.
Clouds of mist spill through the veil, lurking within are the creatures of light. While we're running rampant stricken with fright. At this rate it wont be long until our base is overthrown. It seems the time has come to reap what we have sown. And as we are falling back
they launch their ghastly attack. Picking us off, one by one. My god what have we done?
What are we to do as their world spills into ours? Take up arms, we must defend our planet from this scourge. From those fiends who would end it.
Translucent flesh, showcasing vital organs and illuminated skeletal structures. Enchanted by otherworldly beings... How peculiar... Peculiar form of warfare. Draining souls from their enemies. Ghastly discovery! Demons disguised in angelic skin!
Curiosity, our lust for knowledge resulted in catastrophe. Our base now overrun by these monstrosities. Now we're left with no way to close the gate. It would seem that we have sealed our fate...

