I've always been so very curious, attempting to quench my insatiable thirst. Oh how glorious finding science was there's nothing I can't solve. The answers to it all. Now look where my passions landed me. I've been lead astray by curiosity. Now face to face with the
being that will end my life. Locked in stasis yet I have no fear. The creature moves near. Start the transmission my last find, to be heard by all mankind.
" I am directly responsible for these events which have began to unfold. This is my last experiment my penance though it cant replace what you have lost. I'm about to loose my soul." As this creature moves closer my heartbeat accelerates, where once was calm fear now
takes its place. Though I can barely open my mouth I must get this message out. "Flashing before my eyes... memories now fading away. Growing cold... So cold... I can only watch as this being reaps the essence from me. Growing weak... So weak... I feel as though I'm
being ripped out evicted from my body... A strange voice is calling out to me could it be this voice of this being?"
"Now heed my call. Mortal don't resist me. You cant escape this fate. The life that you know will soon come to an end."
"Now devoid of all hope, all happiness a deep despair begins to take root... Agonizing pain throws me to the ground."
"Don't worry... it wont be much longer now..."
"My life... Well... What's left of it now flashes before my eyes. My memories will soon be no more... Just like me... Just like my soul..."
"You have brought this hell upon yourself. These events were never meant to be...."
"Our curiosity resulted in atrocity. Crossed cosmic boundaries that were simply never meant to be. Our prying minds provoked the wraith of sacred entities. Our curiosity resulted in atrocity... Is this really it, our souls purpose? To be eaten, to suffer like this?"
"In truth you were meant for so much more. But your species have chosen the path of rancor. The misdeeds of your past incarnations have left your souls in a state of desolation"
In a moment it sends to me the truth of all we are, and all we're meant to be.
"Now this life must come to an end, this bodies jut a vessel you must transcend..."
Stunning images through telepathy, my soul beckons me to be free....




