[Part 1: The Endless Circle] 

You truly have no purpose to question why 
As frail truth breeds only slaves to a lie 
Falsehood stitched to a shroud of deception 
Daily masses molding nightmarish conceptions 
Creation is as constant as stagnation and decay 
Celestial rape breeds new horrors every day. 
You self-sustaining hordes of meat 
Pave and bathe in deceit and defeat. 

It seems your mortal eyes failed to realize… 
We are no more alive than the sands of time – 
The Circle of False Gods. 

Dead God-flesh obscures the future 
Warming the secret dreams of nascent abominations 

You cannot comprehend the depths of our creation 
This day marks the age of your own extermination 
Supernal and fetid we appear in your eyes 
Our hunger shall arise with your nightmares’ reprise 
A cynical age to cast away vestigial faiths 
Madmen call to darkness, their will to desecrate 
In this Feast we will see to your subjugation 
We lick your bones clean and leave the lands in desolation. 

[Part II: The Prophecy Unveiled] 

We bring the oppression of ash and steel 
Sandstorms and pestilence revealed; 
The path of sorrows blazed in fear 
Clairvoyance! Unveil the End Times! 
I am the Scarab Prophet 
Herald of cosmic eyes 
From far beyond this seal of lies 
The Old Ones shall arise! 

Even the strongest of men plead to the skies; 
This earth will be forgotten in the sands of time. 

And with strange eons, even death may die 
All shall bear witness to the truth of the divine. 

Mortals flee in terror as elder gods encroach; 
Monsters such as these were never meant to be seen. 

Frail, fragile mortals would do well to flee. 
Now unveiled; the darkest of prophecies. 

As shockwaves ravage the crust of the earth 
The subterranean horrors rise 
Forgotten citadels emerge amongst the raging waves… 

As cities burn, engulfed by a star of solar flame 
A living pyre dances upon the charred and scattered corpses… 

Now the path is clear to dreamscapes and from far beyond the stars 
The cataclysmic rift gives way and the Astral Harvest can at long last begin.

