Astral servitors drone 
Upon horns and pipes in sonorous monotone 
To announce the Old Ones’ arrival 
As the portal yawns from the bowels of the void 

Screaming from the gulfs of the nether 
Vast energies from beyond the stars gather… 
The Outer Gods spill forth into this earthly domain 
Conjured by rites of the insane. 

Know that existence is without meaning 
Eons I have spent alone, seething 
Cursed by the knowledge I once sought 
To see what the False Gods have wrought… 

[Part II: The Path of Annihilation] 

Cataclysmic feeding frenzy 
Cities fall to this voracity 

The elements are pushed beyond the threshold 
Altered by dimensions of horrors untold 

The path of annihilation is blazed 
The world frozen in terror beneath an odious gaze 
Al hope has been consumed 
All that once was will soon meet its final doom. 

[Part III: Supplicants and the Final Conjuration] 

Apostles of a depraved faith 
Acolytes gather to prepare 
Initiates revel in a sacrificial fate 
Let no soul be spared. 

Blasphemous rites in the temple 
Blood stains the stone 
Intoned by desperate fanatics 
Speaking the forbidden litany… 

These are the incantations 
The world hoped never to hear 
The Chilling revelations 
The Conjuration of a new Pantheon 

The harbinger of ruin 
The Goat with a Thousand Young 
Supplication to the obscene truth within 
Reality comes undone. 

Let it be done! 

[Part IV: Whispers from Beyond (instrumental)] 

[Part V: Prelude to Oblivion] 

The Dream Quest is over 
It has come full circle at last 
I have danced the wretched spiral 
And all perils, I have surpassed 

The knowledge that I have gained 
Is a burden I yearn to discard 
Only visions of madness have filled my mind 
An ever-deepening scar 

Thus, these portents have come to pass 
And I watch this world fall to the Astral Harvest 
Heed these words as I fade into the ether 
As oblivion draws nearer… 

Seek not the truth of this terrible universe… 
Lest your fragile minds collapse 
In the eyes of the Outer Gods… 
…we are nothing at all. 

Nothing




