You hear 'em coming form miles away
Their hovercrafts, mean hell to pay
If you give chase, you're gonna die
These future cops'll shine their
flashlight in yer eye.
First they frisk ya, they read yer rights
But you ain't got none, this ain't your night.
Now there's a curfew, nobody's on the street.
And now yer busted and yer buddies packin' heat.
In the old days, you'd both have prolly fried.
Now yer wishin' you could find a place to hide.
Bad cops don't give a shit 'bout
rules and regulations
Don't expect an easy ride down to the local station.
Don't try to bribe them, 'cause they don't play.
They're gonna take from you
whatever you got anyway.
These boys in blue pack needles instead of guns.
They'll shoot the serum to ya if you try to run.
This legislation passed right before our eyes.
The government fed these kids another pack of lies.
We all trusted, their cold blue steel
Serve and protect, that was the deal
They said the jails were overcrowded
So they started killin' dudes on the spot.
Premeditation, chased for a mile
The judge and jury, without a trial
This assault on the mind will never cease.
When you're messin' with tomorrow police.
We need a plan to put these pigs back in their place.
If we come together we could save the human race.
It don't seem likely though,
just look at how we fight.
Most people change their fucking minds overnight.
Someday someones gonna come and
try to save us all
We've got to band together to ensure a regimes fall.
You have to use your brain,
cause you can't outfight the cops
If you give a man an inch, 
that mile will never stop.
No matter how loud that your lungs can shout,
Tomorrow police are gonna take you out!
Before the flying Segway can chase you outta town,
Explore the halls of justice
where the rules are written down
Study all those law books to ensure that there is peace.
Help prevent the bad cops from becoming the Police.
Tomorrow police, Tomorrow police
Tomorrow police
The Tomorrow Police

