[BERSERKR VERSION]

[Of Glory and Decay - Part II]

[Music &amp; Lyrics by Sergio Fernández Ribnikov]

Hitler's rise to power is still today an unfathomable mystery. Some say it came as the result of a series of unfortunate events. Beyond any doubts, the fateful Treaty of Versailles and the frail Weimar Republic instilled the deepest bitterness in the heart of the German people. Adolf Hitler, the homeless, died in the First World War, and it was out of the ashes of that bloody war that the madman, the enticer, the rhetorician, the unstable, was born. As the book says, the Second World War broke out on September 1st, 1939, following the invasion of Poland, but up to that moment, no one knew that it would not be just another war. In truth, no one knew that the Hour of the Wolf had begun.

"In Germany, they first came for the communists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a communist. Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Catholic. Then they came for me -- and by that time there was nobody left to speak up."
[Martin Niemöller].

[Adolf Hitler]
I'm the wolf that yearns for bowels; I'm the man that lusts for power,
I'm an angel; I'm a daimon, on my way to war...
No one thought I would become such a mighty demigod,
I'm a saviour; a messiah, on our way to war...

Suffer, you ignored me; suffer, you have used me,
Suffer, you abused me; Now you'll suffer,
No more begging for bread, no more wretched living,
No more cold and hunger, just no fucking more...
Behold the wolf that I am; shiver! I am real.

I'm a newborn god of fire; I'm the shepherd of desire,
I bring pain to those who loathe me, on my way to war...

No one thought I would become the architect of a new war,
I'm a hero; a purifier, on our way to war...

Suffer, beg for mercy; suffer, heirs unworthy;
Suffer, you annoy me; now you'll suffer,
No more golden temples; no more well-off Semites;
No more easy living for the wretched.

So it's time for you to...

Rise, rise, my wolves; together we will conquer the world,
This kingdom of unevenness will fall under the rule of fire and steel,
The glory of our people will bloom from a soil sowed with pride,
Rise, warriors of Germania; your fatherland is calling you to a war versus the world.

Make them work until they're bones, and then throw them at the dogs,
They were born to be enthralled; they don't know,
Put the weaklings in a row, staring at the eastern sun,
Put them backs against the wall and end it all.

Suffer, make them suffer; suffer, don't you falter,
Suffer, they deserve it; now they'll suffer,
No more alien bastards; no more wretched scumbags,
No more sorry asses; you'll be the last...
The hour of the wolf has begun, and I'm invincible.

I'm a dragon; I'm a vulture, I'm the Grendel of the future,
I'm a phoenix; I'm a jackal, on my way to war,
No one thought I would become the Germanic Behemoth,
I'm a prophet; a messiah, on our way to war...

Suffer, retribution; suffer, execution,
Suffer, no redemption; now you'll suffer,
No more gentle Gentiles; no more saints and sinners,
No more Pax Judea for the wretched,
The hour of the wolf has begun and I'm the overlord.

So it's time for you to...

Rise, rise, my wolves; together we will conquer the world,
This kingdom of unevenness will fall under the rule of fire and steel,
The glory of our people will bloom from a soil sowed with pride,
Rise, warriors of Germania; your fatherland is calling you to a new great war,
The legions of the Rhein stand proud at the eve of the trial by fire,
The songs from ancient times will inflame the hearts of the enlightened minds.

Arise and behold my creation; the industry of death by obliteration,
A thousand years of glory ahead; my empire will last forever...

