[Part One: I Had A Dream]
This is it, it was like this...
Thought I was the king, thought that I was it
And I had no tolerance for idiots.
I was always saying most people are dicks,
I made fun of all them jerks
That's how I got my kicks.
I laughed at men, I laughed at gods.

Then one night I had a dream about a petri dish
It was sittin' on my shoulder,
Growing some kind of fungus or some kind of mold er...
I didn't know what it meant
I didn't know how it got there.
But one things for sure,
I never woke from that nightmare...

[Part Two: Headamorphisis]
Woke up one day not long ago and much to my surprise
There was a head in my bed right next to me,
It was looking me in the eyes.
In the middle of the night it seems that this head
Had just grown up from my shoulder.
It looked a lot like one of Jerry's kids
Except that it was older,
On my shoulder - Not a poster!

I've grown stupid, happened overnight
I'm with stupid, he's with me.

In my bed next to the head, was a note it said:
"You were always mean to stupid people,
You laughed right in their face.
Welcome to the world of a new kind of Karma
Where we don't wait till you're dead.
Reincarnation will come later,
For now you get this head instead."

Stupid Head -
I've grown stupid, happened overnight
I'm with stupid, he's with me.
I wish I may, I wish I might
Ditch this head that I grew last night, 'cause
I've grown stupid, happened overnight
I'm with stupid, he's with me.

The note said I couldn't kill the head
And I shouldn't kill myself
Or I'd be reborn as something worse.
Stupid curse.
Well I don't want to know 
What could be worse than this,
This karma kiss, oh gods let's get this over with.

"Instant Karma is gonna get you
Gonna knock you right in the other head
You better get your heads together
'Cause pretty soon you're gonna be dead."

Since that day my life is shot
I can't even go outside,
'Cause it's bad enough to have to heads,
But it's worse when one's unoccupied.
So I just sit at home, feed and bathe my head
Wishin' - waitin', wishin' 
Waitin' for that day I'm dead.

Stupid Head -
I've grown stupid, happened overnight
I'm with stupid, he's with me.
I wish I may, I wish I might
Ditch this head that I grew last night, 'cause
I've grown stupid, happened overnight
I'm with stupid, he's with me.

