Happened chance to see the truth
Fed the lies within our youth
Years of pain, these tears that rain
Distorted mind, distorted truth

Puddles dried so you can't see
Lifeless eyes present to thee
Watch myself daze through water's face
Replace my soul, replace me

Liquid former: Shadowed terror
So I venture in to my past

A utopia: My dream
Saw a vision to help myself

Drown me now
Sickness of my own...
Truth of all the lies of which you fed in to my mind

Save me from life

Recreate my past, which I now forget
...the times I would smile with no worries

Make me strong again

Stare in to my eyes. Feel the pain I've felt
Sense the hurt I have now that they have gone

Peering down to the river see myself playing
Younger version of myself; Was once happy and content

Why can't I live again, since I've never hurt them?
Touching water, grabbing my reflection

Mold myself to my needs since I've been killing myself
Frigid air held the picture. Froze my perfect reflection

But, I wish to consume and establish all I used to be
Wish myself back to health; Respect for my own truth

Skipping stones. Scar my face.
Youth has died. As have I

I dream of passion no more... of this pain....
Embraced by the darkness of the past
Free my desire... I turn to death
Enslaved by the mistakes I've made in life
Life drifts away from me. Distance I can't see
See what you've done....
Died for my future. Died for my past
Cannot rip away my pain's embrace.... Eternity

Far away from here there's a place I have yearned to go
Why I stay, I don't know. Happiness has gone
Pain. War. Death. Society.

If I choose to stay, there's a place I will not go
Why I stay, I don't know. Happiness has gone
Pain. War. Death. Inside of me.

In the light I am fading. From the light, no escaping
To the dark I'm returning. In the dark I am hiding.

Had the chance to see the truth
Bled the blood throughout my youth
Through these ways, tormented days... I forever lost you

Eyes have lied so I can't see
Lifeless eyes a part of me
Gone from here, I disappear. Away from pain, away from fear

Found the truth to the lies I've been fed
Trust in one person now mends my soul

Break tradition from the past. Show myself I am worth it
Break the lies. Believe the words.
Trust in those you hold close.
In this life, I've been cold. Staring there at the ground
I have grabbed and consumed what have been my
FROZEN REFLECTIONS.

