Tysiąc lat, tysiąc pierdolonych lat
Dziesięć ciemnych wieków,
Dlaczego!?
Gnusnieliśmy w wilczych norach,
a naszą świętość czas pogrzebał,
i krzyż wielki drewniany,
wciąż rzuca krwawy cień,
na waszą przeszłość!
Co potrzebujecie będzie wam dane
Czy ta zdradziecka bestia wciąż żyje,
i nikt, nikt nie zapomni,
Nikt!,
że już czas prócz tego powolnego,
który taki zgarbiony, niedołężny
ślepy na tronie watykanu.
Hail! Hail! Hail! Hail!
To my jesteśmy morzem Apokalipsy,
ostatnią nadzieją odradzającej się istoty,
Waszym piekłem,
Naszym ukojeniem.
I nie topory, lecz wspomnienia,
będą piły krew Waszą tam,
na Armagedeńskich polach
Dziś my karcimy waszego
Ścinamy głowę Watykanu
Którą wyślemy zanim przyjdzie tam
Gdzie wasza wiara rozpostarła
Swe brudne skrzydła
Hail! Hail! Hail! Hail!
Dzisiaj...
Ścinamy głowę Watykanu
w koronie
Ludzie,
ludzie się od śmierci ociągają
Nienawiść...
Lecz tego miejscca już nie ma!
Hail! Hail!
Pomścimy!!!
Pomścimy, tak!!!
Hail! Hail!
Wojna!!!

III full-length album, SOLISTITIUM REC., digi-CD format only, licensed to Novum Vox Mortis and released on CD and cassette format, The year 1997.

Line-up:
NERGAL - guitars, bass, voices, additional instruments
MEFISTO - Bassaxes
INFERNO - drums of devastation

Recorded during august/september at Selani Studio anno 1997
Mised by Jacek Gawlowski anno october 1997
Produced by Nergal and Behemoth.
Engineered by Andy Bomba.
All music and lyrics written by Nergal.

Guest appearrance on synth on this recording by Piotr Weltrowski.

Nergal's comment:
"This has been the best period in our existence, the most successful, the most
promising one, a period in which the band proned to become as much
professional as it was possible. And I must say we really succeeded. Just take
a look at the album's artwork, everything has been done perfectly in each
smallest detail. The sound is another thing we may discuss on now...this time
we entered much better studio SELANI (the one VADER and CHRIST AGONY used for
their last albums) and it's audible for sure. It's much clearer this time, you
can't say a bad word about it...all the instruments are exposed in much
better way. The only thing I can complain on is the promotion done by
SOLISTITIUM REC. which in fact was none. No advertisements in pro-press, well,
yeah, we did the widest European tour so far, in company with ANCIENT and
BELPHEGOR, but it didn't help that much selling's numbers...Anyway, this
album should be seen as a first professional step towards becoming a top
band...this is a real proof we do our best to achieve our goals and we'll
definitely follow that way, that's more than sure."

Thanks to nyarlathotep0 for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to rqg for sending track #9 lyrics.


