I remember the burning I felt inside
As you touched my frozen heart
I remember the screams and the pain within
As my soul was torn apart
I recall being hungry
And for years I stood my ground
Even though you were never, oh no never, never around
God, how I needed you
I remember they warned me, and oh how they told me
Yours was the kiss of shame
I remember the Devil coming to steal my soul again and again
I remember the dawn was breaking
In Cathedrals of unholy light
I was searching for answers where singers and dancers
Will travel on through the night
I've been hurt by Evil games
First you're here and then you aint
Cloak and dagger, yeah, yeah yeah
Cloak and dagger
Cloak and dagger, yeah, yeah yeah
Cloak and dagger
Oh there's something about you that doesn't seam real
You say if I don't sell my soul you will steal
A promise should stand I know the command
And me like a fool took it in
In the valley of Death do I stand in the shadow
Or fight for the right to be free?
A kiss on the wind whispers die, die for glory
No, no
Cloak and dagger - You've been playing those Evil games
Cloak and dagger - Set me free I don't need this pain
Cloak and dagger - Something about you just doesn't seem real
Cloak and dagger - Your say if I don't sell my soul you will steal
Cloak and dagger - Your kiss of shame has been hunting me
Cloak and dagger - God, how I needed you

Produced by Tony Iommi and Cozy Powell.
Engineered and mixed by Sean Lynch.

CRC I.R.S. Metal
compact disc digital audio

(p) &amp; (c) 1989 International Record Syndicate, Inc.
70 Universal City Plaza, Universal City.CA - U.S.A.
Warning.All rights reserved.Unauthorized duplication is a violation
of applicable laws.Distributed by MCA Distributing Corp.

The players:

guitars - Tony Iommi
drums - Cozy Powell
vocals - Tony Martin
keyboards - Geoff Nicholls
bass - Laurence Cottle

All songs by BLACK SABBATH (Copyright control).
Recorded August to November 1988 at Soundmill,Woodcray and Amazon Studios.
Produced by Tony Iommi and Cozy Powell.
Engineered and mixed by Sean Lynch.
Post production Eq and re-mix "Nightwing" by Jeremy Lewis.
Assistant engineers:
Ed at Soundmill
Alex and Greg at Woodcray
Pete,Keith and Ian at Amazon
Pre-production at Rich Bitch Studios Birmingham.

BLACK SABBATH would like to thank the following for their help and assistance:

Rob and Linda at Ritch Bitch;
Musical Exchange: Birmingham;
J.D.Guitars: Jim Marshall and Ken Bran at Marshall Amplifiers;
Mike Kovins at Korg U.S.;
Yamaha drums;
Paiste cymbals and gongs;
L.S.D.;
Jackie Wimlett,Malcolm Cope,Pete Oliver and Robert Gambino;
David Richards at the Soundmill;
Charlie Marling,Penny and Jill at Woodcray;
Geoff and all at Amazon;
Peter Lunney and Picato Strings.

For further information on the BLACK SABBATH Appreciation Society enclose
SAE or IRC to Pete Sarfas, PO BOX 226, Leigh On Sea, Essex SS9 5HF, England.

Cover design and drawings by Kevin Wimlett.
Inside layout by Flat Earth.

Special thanks to:

Ernest Chapman, Phil Banfield and Ralph Baker,
Albert Chapman,Brian May (thanks for the solo), and Miles Copeland.

Made in USA by PDO
IRSD 82002 02!

IRSD - 82002
compact disc
digital audio
I.R.S. metal
made in U.S.A. by P.D.O.

All tracks produced by Tony Iommi and Cozy Powell
All tracks written by BLACK SABBATH

Thanks to Strife82 for sending track #9 lyrics.


