[Spoken:]
In the name of the father, son, and holy spirit. Amen.
Forgive me father for I have sinned, I have done terrible things.
We all stray from the path of the lord sometimes, child.
But with penance, you will find your way again.
Will you help me father?
Of course child.
Will you pray for me?
Yes.
Will you fuck me?

The symptoms on the rotten boy was not the usual ones
Spiritual invasion on he`s undisputed soul
Took him out for cleansing to a place they thought would heal
That it was a haunted church was soon to them revealed

Generates the seed within him
It`s sick and spectral in a sence of viewing
The room seemes moving but still it`s lifeless
And on the wall hangs the cross with jesus wheeping

Boy keeps rotting, shaking, spewing on the churches floor
The demon deep inside him is determined to triumph
The church inbreeds a horror feel, it sounds as if it calls
Suddenly the boy lays still his fucking head is cracked

Rotten boy - rotts - something seeped out through his skull
Left his corpse - trown - cast into the churches halls

Voices whisper, chanting, calling churning through the fundament
Boy is dead the demon`s free to haunt the church of deviance
Voices whisper, chanting, calling churning through the fundament
Boy is dead the demon`s free - church of deviance

Pure evil is upon them and embrace the church
Sin and vile disorder burst into a sickened rage
Chaste and clean the puny father tries to hide from death - pain - deviance
Doors are looked there`s no escape from this place
No one leaves this haunted building without getting scared
Demonized no light protects them from the force which is done when some souls are wasted

The church`s now rotten and haunted for all times
Who ever challenged the way`s of the dark side
Until the next one comes the force is in it`s rest
And those who brought the rotten boy now suffers death

[Solo : Karlsson]

Voices whisper, chanting, calling churning through the fundament
Boy is dead the demon`s free to haunt the church of deviance
Voices whisper, chanting, calling churning through the fundament
Boy is dead the demon`s free to haunt the church of deviance

