The sun has risen once again
This forest seems to never end
Between three oaks I see, a strange shaped, hex door
My thoughts are still on the past days
I feel a hope, I fear to fail
I want to know some more
The Guardians, The future, the meaning of my own...
Quest...

Who bothers me knocking my door?
What do they think they're searching for?
Another goat from town
Who came up here with knees on ground
Gnaws iron, bites steel
Grinds hard stones to meal
Slays king, ruins town, and beats high mountains down
Sign or nothing, now I don't know...

I hope he will bring a change, not another loss of time
Another stranger, I'm waiting for more
I'll prove his final worth
Tell me what you have to understand!

How many time to cross the door
The guardian's what I'm looking for
It drove me here my cause
I hope to find revealing words
Come on! Me have some to show
I'm not a child, what a way to talk

My new tea cup is this, me a science men to be

Sign or Nothing, now I don't know...
I hope he will bring a change, not another loss of time
Another stranger, I'm waiting for more
I'll prove his final worth
Tell me what you have to show!!

Waiting for a thrill
Waiting for some to believe
Tell me something about the good men
Tell me where they live?
Waiting for a sign, like a dreamer, like a child
Where I have to look behind, to light up my eyes!

When you pray to make you brave
Do you want it to come and wait?
Do you face the hardest time
Rushing into danger?

"He's going to show me the last of the Guardians!
Who knows what kind of power he has?
I hope he will listen to me, I'm close to see him...
I've found him... What? A mirror?"

You will be the guardian to drive the people
You will find the way to fight again for freedom
You will be the sparkle for the blaze
You will be the guardian, don't be late!

Leaving all the troubles behind your foot signs
Leaving beaten tracks that others people can find
Riding fast towards your final test
You will be the Guardian, it's your quest!

What is the meaning
Is this the reply?
You can't run from your fate
You can just make your choice!

Look in the mirror, with me in this fight!!!
With your will, with your cause
With your falls, with your voice!

