Alone in the own country
There's no escape and no wind from other side
Among the fallen bowed trees
No more hope and freedom in the eyes
The bog between two dry lands
Everyone has invisible big hump
Unfabled reign of silence
Inhabited with the people in the swamp

Among the fallen bowed trees
No more hope and no freedom there is at all
Life seems dead unknown actress
Who died of grievous silence in the hall
They swim downstream like a driftwood
That's the price of a calm and quiet life
Some shelter and some simple food
What can you ask for if you live in a lie

The bog between two dry lands
Everyone has invisible big hump
How can you use your talent
When all the time you have to go over bumps
Life taught not to trust anyone
Rich neighbors used to rob you with brazed smile
The grace is false under the sun
Meanwhile the swamp slowly devours you alive

Unfabled reign of silence
Inhabited with the people in the swamp
Ignoring any violence
Don't you become unfeeling as a stump
I will not longer talk to you
Chasing welfare you have lost intelligence
The story ends to tell the truth
Drowned man alive and there is no second chance

Lesley Knife - vocals
Dmitry Lazarenko - guitars
Wladislaw Saltsevich - drums
Yury Sivtsoff - bass
Dmitry Ovchinnikoff - keyboards, violin, hammond organ, percussion, backing vocals

Music by Alexander Urakoff &amp; Gods Tower
Lyrics by Lesley Knife
Recorded in Rock-Center Studio (Gomel, Belarus) in summer of 2011
Recorded by Dmitry Ovchinnikoff.
Mixed and mastered by Alexey Bolotov

Trumphet - Vlad Senkevich
Flute - Maria Parfenchikova
Cello - Tatyana Borova
Artwork by Zmicier Trayanovich
Layout by Alexander Kovalev
Photo by Dmitry Shishov

Leslye Knife:
Thanks to my family: to jealous wife Inna, children of Jaromir and Bogdan, all
the rest.
Thanks to the captain Hook! Separate thanks to my second band DIS TORTION,
game WORLD OF TANKS for interest to live. Thanks to Andrey Sannikov and Irina
Halip
for the revived belief in mankind. Thanks the mr.Swan that my computer works!
And
Thank the world, for that it big surprising!

Yury Sivtsoff:
Very great thank 2 hees majesty the heavy metal!!! And also everyone, who
Stayed by me and who stays by my side now. Single thanx 2 my family:
Father (R.I.P. Old Man, thank you 4 heavy metal, u r 4 ever in my heart!!!)
Mother, Sister Mashka, my wife and my son Romakha!!! And also to my
dearest friendly people: V. Palevich, E.Azaryonok, A.K. Batura, Vova
and Fagundas, mr.Swan and Lasta!!! METL IZ 4EVR! \m/

Wladislaw Saltsevich:
I would like to thank my love Olga Soldatova, my sons Anthony and Ian, my
parents,
my brother Oleg and his wife Julia Sevostyanova, and my whole cousins of
Abinsk.
My friends: Ashot (A-sh Man) Margaryan, Denis Devichensky, Alexei (Okspaha)
Mitin, Alexei Romanenko, Alina Sirotina, Sasha (Masha House) Krasnogir, Igor
(Ayha Kovaleo) Kovalyov, Elena and Slava Gusev, Catherine Guchok, best doctors
in the world Igor Jak and Vadim Templyh. Guys from the Gods Tower! And everyone
who supported me!

Dmitry Ovchinnikoff:
Thanks to my family Anna &amp; Sofia, my friends: Yura, Natasha &amp; Zaliniya Crew,
Andrey "Pych" Konoplev, Carl Alexander Waite, Michael Krasnitsky, Oksana
Toropova for hammond Organ, Anatoly Shevtsov for Piano.

Dmitry Lazarenko:
Thanks to Mikhail Krasnitsky, Katerina Guchok, Sergey Koleda and also family &amp;
son!




