[Boyd Rice/NON cover song]
[Lyrics by Boyd Rice]

[Intro #5]
With that I have done and pronounce my judgment. I condemn Christianity, I
bring against the Christian church the most terrible charge any prosecutor
has ever uttered. To me it is the extremest thinkable form of corruption, it
has had the will to the ultimate corruption conceivably possible. The
Christian church has left nothing untouched by its depravity, it has made of
every value a disvalue, of every truth a lie, of every kind of integrity a
vile of would.

Do you want total war
Turn man into a beast once more?
Do you want to rise and kill
To show the world an iron will?

Do you want total war
Throw out Christ and bring back Thor?
Do you want total war?
Do you want total war?

Do you want to stand and fight
To rip asunder this pallid night?
To smite your foes that they might die
To splatter blood across the sky?

Do you want might to prevail
To kick aside the weak and frail?
Do you want total war?
Do you want total war?

Do you want total war
To see life's will return once more?
Do you want total war?
Unleash the beast in man once more?

Do you want total war?
Do you want total war?

Yes you want total war
Yes you want total war

Total War! Total War!

War is eternal. War is universal
There is no beginning, and there is no peace
Nor could there ever be
Even if the beast man desired it so

For man is subject to the same law
Which governs all living things
And this law dictates
That every living thing maintained its existence
Exclusively by depriving other living things of theirs

So it has always been
And so it shall ever be
Man is a beast of prey
History proves that man is a beast of prey

The beast of prey conquers countries
Founds great realms through subjugation of other subjugations
Creates states and organizes civilizations
Exclusively to enjoy his booty in peace

Attack and defense, suffering and struggle
Victory and defeat, domination and servitude
All sealed with blood
This state is the entire history of the human race

