Glutinous and insidious.
Hand fed lies guide the sheep to their protocol of eventual slaughter.
The circle of life our meaningless occupancy of space, controlling you all by fear.
Open your eyes to see you're blind to the world.
Realize that faith is not a gift but a curse.
Forward into oblivion.
We’re only bent on self destruction, those who rule just spread corruption.
How we're enslaved, how we let them control our ways.
The thought of someone in the sky having complete control of my life.
Used to weigh down on my mind, but now only madness resides.
Expand your mind don’t fall victim to all you hear, don’t be a fucking drone.
Abandon any faith that you had for humanity, man is a cancer here's the end of our morality.
It was never one for all but merely all for one, the wealth and the greed never helped a thing.
Denying self conviction, enslaved by the fear.
Human beings are a scourge, a disease to this planet. You are the plague I am the cure, keep your faith you can have it.
Bound by your false idols.
We’re only bent on self destruction, there is nothing beyond no great divine.
Keep your legends to yourself.
How can you follow so blindly?
Self destruction.
We the people are cut short in our pride and our glory, but we must adapt to survive.
Never cope with their lies, adapt to survive, we must see with our eyes.
Never cope with their lies.
Monsters or tyrants they are the worst of the fallen, conjured by evil driven for the end.
Promising bliss beyond infinity.
Where is the one you call god why can you not see through this facade?
Expand your mind don’t fall victim to all you hear.
It is solely a coincidence that we are gathered here.
No mystic being, nor eye in the sky is there to confide in.
No power from above your deity is hiding.
Like the gears in a system there is power through our allegiance.
The human hive like binary code fear the eye in the sky or misery untold .
No mystic being in the sky to confide in.
Fuck the power from above your deity is hiding.
Never cope with their lies, there is nothing in the sky.
I will not fear thy inevitable end.
The day will come when I will meet death.
No words you say will bring me false comfort.
Why be a servant in heaven when I could reign in hell?
I would rather reign.
Why be a servant in heaven when I could have my reign?
I would rather have my reign in hell.
Everything is fucked and I know I’m going to rot in the ground.

