Inside the Sodom gloomy garden
I heard your voice need my save
As the frightens all my thing
to make me care about you
My black heart orders me to let you
sharing me my filth.
I'm here with my fault
that I did before
if you need my heart that I closed all the way of feeling
without the darkness fear way so you have it
Inside that garden you can't
depend on any one except
your self to saving your mind
from the darkness inside
the vampire's gardens old humanoids
with bloody eyes that you will find
While I'm walking alone I heard your voice
many of dragons looking to you with careful
The spiders ready to connect the
dark net between the enigma trees
She is my poor victim … her hands with flower smells
Imagine the blackest long hair that you see
The reflection of the moonlight makes it gray
While the crows flying in the sky
no one of them can stand on stones
While she runs they are looking
to her with careful
Ready to getting what the dragons will left!!
Ohh… how you are a putty virgin victim
send to the sun your voice to saving
that can turn your fear and what you feel
inside this gloomy ugly garden
to your moon spilled in the sky
can you do this for your Sodom forsaken life!!
Even if that you can…. didn't hear the crow’s voice
need to the bloody color brushing around them gloomy land!!
Didn't feel the earth vibration while you reach the end!!
Don't care about the snakes ringing between the gardens
it was just invitation to sharing our bride
of the blackest hair princess in our caves of the death
Your hands must be full with rings of the black magic
To let your putty control the monsters of hill
You can't run from this destiny even if you
will cross the river of fear
you will find you're self
near of my filthy chair!!
No one can run away of my
death chamber every one need you but no one can
take you from me
I'm the master of them
my dragon soured random them screams
When they need to other victims bloods
Ohh my little vampires how you full of pain
While I'm here ready to enjoying
With my princes black lips
I like the dead while it's bloody cold
Show me your frightens while you are running
I'm waiting you in my cave won
The caves of fear … come with me inside
my warmest darkness tomb
Are you really pleasure by this honor!
No one can reach this place except my
princes of the bloody moon
No one can run away of my death chamber
Even if you will cross the river of fear
your smells inside my skeletons
I'm here ready to enjoying with my princes red eyes
Above the mountains of humanity victims I scream
Waiting you inside my filthy savage room
How long I wait your darkness soul

MystiriuM are:
Amin Azareum: Brutal, aggressive, clean, nocturnal vocals, lead guitars, bass guitars,  keyboard, drums, percussions, synthesizers, composer

Season members: 
Liza Osly: Female Vocal (From Norway)
Peter Mork : Guitar (From Norway)
Ivan Stancovitch: Bass (From Ireland)
Fienden Dorlig: Drums  (From Norway)

All lyrics &amp; Nocturnal Poetry Produced by Azareum
All the melody's composing &amp; recording in AZAREUM * STUDIO*
All the instrumental musical played &amp; recorded by Azareum




