[intro]
You'd never ever hear of Olathoe in the land of Lomar again, its story was buried 26000 years
ago where Polaris shines high in the sky. But if you find a silver key in a black wooden box,
you still may roam there in your dreams and hear what once was huge walls, laughing beneath the
ice and telling you the whole tale. 

[part 1 - war]
Standing, 
We wait with no fear, all is prepared 
We shall defend this town, no one is... 
Scared by the enemy even tho' we're few 
You're drawing near and we have iron for you 
Our mate on the look-out is scanning the field 
Polaris' watching and we stand, ha ha! 

Suddenly, 
A cry breaks the night, some soldiers are hit 
The Inuto are here, no time left 
Watch out behind us we're caught by surprise 
The look-out man fell under Polaris' light 
By the time I see one, two of us has died 
Their swords are more, but we still have our pride 

Oh, Olathoe, oh... 

Marble walls are painted red, oh don't give our home free 
See our wives and children cry, don't dive into defeat 
Conquered, 
We'll die now in war, but we still ain't lost 
I speak to you my walls, I pray you 
We were the founders of this town I live 
We built you and the marble palaces for peace 
Defended you in war through aeons with pride 
So punish the stranger, take vengeance while we die 

Oh, Olathoe, oh... 

Marble walls... 

[part 2 - defeat]

No mercy was shown to them at all 
You'd never hear mentioned Lomar again 
Inuto were then mocking with pride 
A wonderful land wich now belonged to them 

Marble walls, you'd say they never fall 
Palaces and streets, you'd say you were in heaven 

Unable just to see their luck 
Ignoring there was a spell on them 
Laughing at all things they saw 
They were observed by the high walls 
Marble walls, you'd say they never fall 
Temples and gardens, you'd say you were in heaven 

[part 3 - vengeance]
The armies of the Inuto stood to celebrate all night long 
A war was won, an easy bit, they found they were really strong 
Under the walls, they drank and ate, and laughed and laughed 
The enemies killed still lay on the field, they danced on their bodies 

None will hear through history of the vengeance of the high walls 
Glory and gratitude are kept under ice and this tomb will never fall 
None will hear through history of the strenght of the marble walls 
Their sacrifice is kept under ice and this tomb will never fall 

The walls did observe, the walls did see, the walls did hate the enemy 
A curse was cast, there was one thing to do, so the walls did mock the strangers 
Loudly bursting, they fell on the Inuto, they crushed 'em with debris 
Covering with pity this painful sight, vengeance was finally done. 

None will hear... 

Oh, Olathoe, oh...

