... And the world was young. And it was cruel and beautiful.
And it was full of heroes and titans who were fighting and
cognizing the world.
  In that time people souls were nalve and child-like
happily. People saw life in everything and the surrounding
nature meant for them something what not everybody living
now can understand. And thay believe in Gods who were
different in names but same in essence. Those Gods came
to the Earth from the old ages, when all living was dark and
cruel and lifeless - light and reconciling. In those ages
intellect did not exist and its place was occupied by instinct -
a formidable weapon, leading to death... Monsters
possessed this weapon, whose horror was later called Hell,
and there was no a single creature who had not spent their
life in struggle for everything.
  When the Gods descended on the Eartg and saw that
savage chaos they were puzzled and horrified by the
scenery. And so they created the first people, who got three
things really majestic - intellect, wisdom and feelings. And
every God had the telns of government of a soul, and the
Gods of darkness gave evil genius to intellect, misanthropy
to wisdom and hatred to feelings; and the Gods of light gave
clearness of thought to intellect, kindness to wisdom and
love to feelings. And people, having opened their eyes, saw
the fear of life and prayed for remorse and salvation,
because man is weak, and God is omnipotent. So the Gods
saved the people from the savage chaos and peace and light
started reigning.
  But Evil retired to darkness awaiting for the reveal and
began to send grief and pain; suffering enfered the even
part of intellect and started to destroy the people from
Inside. Darkness moved to light and wars, murders
and depravity descended on the humankind. Brothers killed
brothers and the war was not between people but between
Gods, who wanted to make the world more perfect. But the
Gods of light forgot that there was no light without shadows,
and their opponents that there was no use in darkness
without light.
  So, the Gods become reconciled, for continuation of the
struggle had no sense and has a sign of the reconcilation they
built a TOWER on the border of Light and Dark, human's
world and divine world. And people's life was happy and
calm and it was the Golden Age!
  But among the Gods there was one the smallest and
contemptible one, longing for power. So, he deceived
the Gods of Evil and got the wine, which the Gods of Death
gave to the people when their time was out. They drank it
and fell into sleep when the Gods had a feast he poured that
wine into their goblets. And having done it, he said: "From
now on you are heresy and I am the God!" His name was
Iegova and he called himself God. For the true, Immortal
Gods had fallen asleep and only the Gods of Darkness stayed
awake and for this reason Iegova begane to detest them and
drove them out of TOWER. And this nonentity made heaven
his throne and started ruling the visible world, and the Gods of
Darkness ruled the Invisible world because Iegove was not a
true God, but a false one. And people don't believe him and
then he sent them his reflection, called Christ, to mislead the
humankind, relying upon their naivity and simplicity. Christ,
being lead by his forefather, told people tales and showed
wonders, although they were very stupid, comparing with what
true Gods, sleeping in the TOWER, could do. But people were
surprised and praised Christ like children and soon commited
the truth of ancient for oblivion and fire, for they believed the
divine mongrel. And the plague of deception and deafness
spread all over the world and people went mad.
  And the TOWER, standing on the crossing of Darkness and
Light, Life and Death gradually was overrun with moss and
seeds and plunged in the lack of faith...
  And nobody from the living now knows the truth and true
ancient Gods are sleeping in the TOWER, awaiting for the
prophecy, drawn with rules at the gates, to come true: "and in
nineth night the moon will disappear, moons will show and
omens of each of us will be burning on them, because people
will recollect and believe and the truth will awake  through that
faith. And he, once having lied, will be overthrown and cursed.
And the world'll see its rebirth from the ashes and the Golden
Age will come again."
  And I had this vision and having learnt the truth, I praised the
sleeping abd cursed the staying awake, because until the false
god is in heaven, grains of Truth are dispersed in darkness and
they are countless in number and light is only pure imagination.
Let your time come, the Gods, true and ancient, who's given
us life and death, light and darkness, intellect, wisdom and
feelings...
O Y H R R A ! ! ! ! ! ! !

