[Elga Gurroci: Italy, 1928]

Alone I lay here in my own cold cell silently praying for you, God
Down on my bleeding knees I call at you to speak me again
Still horrified by the lapse of obedience that taint this Gothic structure
Monastery infected by bitches hidden by the black saint veil

Lost deep into the divine gloom, where my eyes can penetrate
A sharp voice escapes the stones and calls upon me
Tremble as leaves! You livid nuns, for all of your words are lies
At the shade of the cliff God will guide my holy acts

The Jesuit's blood's in my veins
My soul's in your hand
And as a dead body I will proudly obey

In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum
In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum
Perinde ac cadaver!
Perinde ac cadaver!

Nighttime procession on the way among the rocks
Among the trees, on the way to the cliff

Sister, confess your sins to me
Below this moonless night, at the top of the stone
If his holy son was sadly sacrificed
Don't you think that even you can die?

As she fall screaming to the ground
Thy will is done
Thy will is done

In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum
In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum
Perinde ac cadaver!
Perinde ac cadaver!

Observe and rejoice! My only and righteous God
For with such dignity I act as you command
Ashes to ashes and torment to the flesh
Will save all their souls from the tortures of hell

Collera, divina risorgi
Assurgi a tuo manto
Il voto spezzato di mille sorelle
Nel nome della croce
Or depongo l'anime vostre
Alla destra del padre
E luride carni getto alle rocce
E livide carni getto alle rocce

Sacred ground of bloody rocks
Dark End, immaculate
For every nun that dies
A shroud so white shall be prepared
Hosanna in excelsis
Hosanna in excelsis
The holy code of Jesuits
Representing love on earth
Amen! To the masses
Thy will always be done
Hosanna in excelsis
Hosanna in excelsis deo

Lost deep into the divine gloom, where my eyes can penetrate
A vivid vision escapes the stones and unveils itself to me

In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum
In manus tuas commendo spiritum meum
Mortuis, domine, lux perpetua luceat
Dies irae, dies irae

Dead by moonlight, sacrifice
My face in a pool of blood
Gravid stares of grace divine
Soon I'll reach you God
Hosanna in excelsis
Hosanna in excelsis
As a dead body I must obey
Holy father, holy son I'll be your holy corpse
How mysterious the ways of the Lord can be
The next shroud prepared… will be for me!

[Music by Antarktica]
[Lyrics by Animæ]

