And SEX was always there from when I was only eight years - tempting me leave thirsty
Sweat, skin, a PULSE divine to balance this restless MIND - it seemed so wonderfully physical
Oh the BLOOD, the lust, the bodies that color the world: all drugs to die for! Won't you share my fire?
How can LOVE make that world a minefield of forbidden GROUND?
A map of untouchable skin and SILENCED desire?

And love was there in vain, PROFOUND and deep but traced with pain - too early for a child of TEN
Loving the pure and sane he sought the goddess unstained - watching them turn to flesh again
HUNGRY for both the PURITY and SIN
Life seemed to him merely like a GALLERY of how to be
And he was always much more HUMAN than he wished to be
But there is a LOGIC to his world, if they could only see

Wishing - Sickened - Ill - Ticking

SOMEONE still this hunger (it's in my blood) always growing stronger (ticking)
BUDAPEST I'm learning, Budapest you're burning me

This is not who I wanted to be, this is not what I wanted to see
She's so young so why don't I feel free now that she is here under me?

Naked - Touching - Soft - Clutching

And then after all it lead me here to wake up again
Seeking a love that might make me feel free in myself but then it proves to be
Something that hurts inside when we touch, so I move on, I lose my way
Astray I'm trying too much to feel unchained, to burn out this sense of feeling cold
And every day I seek my prey: someone to taste and to hold
I feel alive during the split second when they smile and meet my eyes
But I could cry 'cause I feel broken inside!
COME and DROWN with me- the UNDERTOW will sweep us away!
And you will see that I'm ADDICTED to my HONESTY
Trust! 'Cause after all my sense of TRUTH once brought me here
But I've LOST control and I don't know if I am true to my soul
I've lost CONTROL and I don't know if I am true to my soul
Losing control and I don't know if I am TRUE AT ALL

[Johan Hallgren]
[Daniel Gildenlow]

And we were always much more human than we wished to be...
And I remember when you said you've been UNDER him - I was suprised to feel such pain
And all those years of being faithful to YOU despite the hunger flowing through my veins
And I have always tried to calm things down - SWALLOW down swallow down
"It's just another small THORN in my crown"
But suddenly one day there was too much blood in my eyes, and I had to take this WALK down
REMEDY LANE of whens and whys...

Empty - Licking - Clean - Choking

SOMEONE still this hunger (possessing my mind) always growing stronger (craving)
BUDAPEST I'm learning, Budapest I'm burning me
This is not who I wanted to be, this is not what I wanted to see
She's so young so why I don't feel free now that she's under me?
In the morning she's going away in a Budapest taxi I've paid
Seeking freedom I touched the untouched - it's too much - I'm BEYOND THE PALE...

Prematurity is the story of both you and me, and we were always much more human than we wished to be
Prematurity is truly the story of both you and me, and we were always much more human than we wished to be
We were always much more human than we wished to be - we were always much more human than we wished to be
We will always be more human then we wish to be

WE WILL ALWAYS BE SO MUCH MORE HUMAN THAN WE WISH TO BE...


Thanks to sygmoral for sending track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to fallen_tabris for correcting tracklist.
Thanks to zeratul_tbk, tommifinn for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to loncho_river14 for correcting track #12 lyrics.


