...And it was on that night.. 
When the wind threw the sun from sky. 
And the night ran rivers into the forest.
And a thick wine ran swiftly from my gaping neck.

It was on that night... 
I took my last step into the nocturnal kingdom of woe. 
For at once, torn through, my teeth, 
I tasted that wine dripping to my tongue...

We walked the forest with the moon in crescent gleam. 
I and my love, as beauty rested under the stars. 
I ventured off for means of fire... 
his aquaintence was met... that youngen in the woods... 
Pale complexion and burning soakened eyes... 
I saw age in the youngen and I could feel his divinity. 
I'd come to be taken, for life no longer was I tempted. 
He drew in closer, comforting my last of life.

...And then I looked at my reflection in the sky 
and my eyes were as orange as the midsummer sunfall...
And my teeth were as sharp as the crescent moon 
that pierced the sun and bled the night...

That night, nocturnal kingdom, my pledge for pointed nightwings. 
Instinct, the Vampire bats circled to consecrate.
I tread into the woods, forever forest walk. 
That night, my time had come, eternally transfused.

At last my gift had come. 
My life yearning stood before me. 
I have treaded the last steps of mortality 
and it was time to live death forever.

Drain my throat... Dripping tongue...
Make me feed upon the young. 
Throw my life into dust...
Made me feed upon blood and lust.

Baptized in red melancholy, 
swallow the oceans of blood, 
bloodlust, my eternal hunger, 
that night, reborn to lifelessness.
My gift, eternity in bliss, 
undead, the kingdom awaits, 
white eyes, body took grim tone,
crimson, the seas of existence,
I cum in jugular rapture!

...And it was on that night...
The night that I died.
My life poured out in rapture
from my freshly gaping neck
No longer was that boy before me.
He had taken his oath of scarlet treasures
????
and was off for other nightly worlds.

Once again, I glanced up at my reflection hiding in the stars
I bowed my head and with a soft kiss I said goodbye... Life.

