One hundred years to reach the space.
One hundred more to see the sky.
One hundred souls will find the answer.
One hundred more will give their lives.
Watching from above as the universe perish.
Laughing at us with sadistic lust.
A thousand years will mourn their actions.
A thousand suns will cry for more.
One hundred days to see the end.

Feeling like a nomad lost in his frustration,
Thinking how would be the end.
I look a thousand times to find an explanation.
To give me strength enough to face another day.

What is all I know?
Compared to what I saw.
Landing on a moon to see the sun.
Every passing day another fail,
I've found the man I hope I've could have been.

There is no other way to roam the outer space.
There is no other way to find the will to live.
There must be another way to fight this secret sealed with death.
It's written in the stars I'll see another day.
Traveling all in circles.
Like the ancients.
Forced to sink in all the innocent's regrets.
What is all I saw?
Compared to what I've lost again?
Precious lives that now float around.
We must endure, we must retain control
But I know, this ride won't end for me or you…

There is no other way to roam the outer space.
There is no other way to find the will to live.
There must be another way to fight this secret sealed with death.
It's written in the stars I'll see another day.

As far as I can go there's a universe in colors.
And everyone I know just wants a place to call home.
But I'm not a wanderer, this life was more than I hoped.
Is there a place I called home?

Rise up or die alone
Rise up or die alone.

Sometimes I wonder what is like to be found.
Sometimes I wonder what is like to be one with the universe.
But I guess we're about to find out.
Because after all, you know,
The black hole is home.

All I know is I mourn for the lost ones.
All I know is I fight for their lives.
All I want is to fade in the old fire.
All I want is to see what's beyond.

Anywhere we fly we'll reach another ocean,
Anywhere we fly we'll reach another star.
Buried in flames, our ashes will transcend us.
Entering the sky I'm feeling so forsaken.

There is no other way to find the eternal mind.
There is no other way to find the will to fight.
There are no more mistakes, the black hole in my eyes.
It's written in the stars I'll see another sky.




