It's just another Saturday Hanging out at DBA
All I came for was whisky and a bunch of pints
I have a drink or two or three And I feel like I'm on TV
'Cause some girl across the bar is giving me the evil eye
I make a move to see what's up and bump right into some dump jock
The guy gets pissed and he throws his drink right in my face
Well now he started, but I'll finish
But first I'll have another Guinness
Fighting's such a boring thing I gave it up, I always win

Ask me how I sleep at night This is how I live my life
Drinking, smoking, screwing, right!
Don't tell me how to live my life!

Another guy, another day. Why won't this guy just go away
Talk my ear off and I don't want to smell your breath
You like my band, I understand When you say, "I love you man"
Can't I have just a minute to go take a piss?
The he asks me if I'm saved And do I walk with God each day
No way man, I have always been down with sin
He tells me God loves all of us as I get back on the bus
'Cause God just told me I was gonna get my dick sucked!

Ask me how I sleep at night This is how I live my life
Drinking, smoking, screwing, right!
Don't tell me how to live my life!

Good for you, you're born again Yuppie Young Republican
Being straight makes you happy Stay the fuck away from me

So you're gay, oh happy day And you don't smoke, that's just great
And eating meat, oh God forbid
You'll be more fun when you're dead

Another time, far away, I'm in Tampa, FLA
I saw my friends and we went out and got really drunk
Got in the car and drove around
and passed the Yankees training ground
We drove up close and then I went and hopped the fence
I ran around the bases twice and thought the on-deck mat was nice
I put it back though and ran back out to meet my friends
The cops were there, they saw the tape
Straight to jail at any rate
Three month later Howard Stern got George to drop the case!

Ask me how I sleep at night This is how I live my life
Drinking, smoking, screwing, right!
Don't tell me how to live my life!

