[feat. Mike Pardi]Heathen omens – Northumbrian lightning storms
Heathen omens – fire dragons take the sky
Heathen omens – ungodly winds leave us torn
Heathen omens – I am not prepared to die… for any god

Fly to Lindisfarne – we leave this
Land that we love, this home that we know, for mountains of gold
Unrelenting
Seas that we cut, waves that we rip, this powerful ship
Unforgiving
Fury we have, for the holy man, with blood on his hands
Disrespecting
Christians will fall, so stay on those oars, with axes and swords

Lo and behold

We will cleanse their land
And take all that we can

Southwest we point the ship – row
Dragonhead see the way-row
Lead us to power and wealth – row
We will tear through night and day – we go
Odin will heat up your heart-row
Gives you all of your speed – row
Furious bound for the shore – row
Land is what we all need – we go

June 8th we land and all are free
In seven hundred ninety-three
We drag the ships onto the shore
Gather our strength prepare for war
Waste no time we break the gate
Security was far too late

For ignorance we'll make them pay
All of them will die this day

We take the lower corridor
Kill ten men then hunt for more
Walk up some stairs into a hall
Where fifty monks are standing tall
All at once they take a knee
And hope to god we leave them be

Take no heed for what they say
And gut the men as they all pray

Their limbs and organs we all tread
As we piss upon the dead
Words to their god turn to screams
As we laugh and taunt their dreams
Just before the last one died
He told us one was still alive
Locked inside the high bell tower
He's the one with all the power

We spit in the face of the saints
And spilled the blood of arrogance
We kill everyone that we see and celebrate while we expand
We walked on their temple of god
And treat it like its shit on our feet
We dance… dance on the altar of death
Lindisfarne their holy island

Heathen omens – northumbrian lightning storms
Heathen omens – fire dragons take the sky
Heathen omens – ungodly winds leave us torn
Heathen omens – I am not prepared to die!

Break that door down!

How could you let this happen,
We built all this for you
Am I not the perfect servant,
Is your kingdom black or blue
Prisoner in this temple,
They are coming after me
Trapped inside this high bell tower,
Are you false I cannot see
You're blind!

Write down this day
In your registry
The day that we sacked
This fucking priory

You shouldn't be here – your filth I have trod
This place is holy – but he's not my god
You will be punished – you think that is true
You're just a pagan – I've come to kill you

Grabbed by his robes, he was
Dragged past the broken door
Thrown down the stairs, where he was met with pagan love…
And kicked in the head, punched in the nose and thrown around…
Then stabbed in the leg, cried out in pain but all in vain

Raised off the ground, and carried to the court entrance
Strapped to a cross, arms apart and back exposed…
Then smacked in the face, to insure hes still conscious…
For Thor we celebrate it's in the bag
Let's make our flag… wave

Blood eagle – you are the blood eagle
So spread those wings 'cause we are the vikings
Blood eagle – you are the blood eagle
So spread those wings 'cause we are the vikings

Knifed in the back, torn straight down his wretched spine
Skin open wide, shots of blood are passed around…
Then crack his rib cage, rip out his lungs and raise our horns
Now you're the blood eagle,
So spread those wings 'cause we are vikings

Blood eagle – you are the blood eagle
So spread those wings 'cause we are the vikings
Blood eagle – you are the blood eagle
So spread those wings 'cause we are the vikings

Raiders from the north we've come to penetrate your southern whores
We will rape, kill, pillage, smash
We will not stop until we've conquered all.

