Stay down! Like a shadow in a hallway 
Watching all the blues and greens 
As I hide from the glare of the monitor screen 
Run fast! Like a shadow in a subway 
Try to remain unseen 
As I hide from the glare of the T.V. screen 
We're all sucked in 
Part of the core collective 
We're all dragged in 
Blind to the cause we've been selected for....Elected for 

Stand still! Like a ghost in the Firewall 
Watching all the blues and greens 
As I listen to the rhythm of the fax machine 

What will I be when winter comes again? 
And we're wrapped in furs, and life has begun again 

And it hurts to be away from you 
From the world you made so well 

What will I be when the summer comes once more? 
And we're naked and weak in the eye of the sun once more 

We're all sucked in 

'Leave it on the net' demands the optimist 
'No room for slaves to high tech reform' 
Maybe there's a way to save the pessimist 
He could make it to the hills and ride out the storm 

'Formulas are set' declares the analyst 
'This is the road for everyone' 
Maybe we can hide, continue to exist 
With a crate of bottled water and a sawn off shot gun 

Try to survive - Don't look into his eyes 
Try to stay alive - Don't look into his dead dead eyes 

You can send me codes 
From the safety of a chat room 
In your grey ether clothes 
I have looked into your soul 
Looked into your soul! 

I'm sitting with my head in the radiogram 
Waiting for some sign of a ghost or a little green man 
Glued to the glowing of a sun behind the plastic hood 
And the bass heavy tones 
That ooze from the pores in the wood 
Oh no.... I can't go there again 
Oh no..... Was this ever meant to be? 

I'm sitting on the floor with the book in my hand 
Dreaming of the world in a way that only children can 
And I listen for the emanating sounds from the hidden choirs 
The message in the radiant valves and red hot wires 
Oh no.... I can't go there again 
Oh no..... Was this ever meant to be? 

To think it has come to this 
Ruled by indifference 
Underlying waves of doubt 
Such arrogant self reliance 
Too far we have travelled out 
Nervous in our sentience 
Ordinary people 
Objects and events 
Now is a time of foolish fears 
Emotions run high and needless tears are shed 

He has the face of a friend 
And shall reach across the world into every home 
We invite him in and offer no defence 
And with every given soul he reaches for his throne 
He has the face of an Angel 
As he leads us in the dance 
Until we find ourselves......alone! 

So we're standing in the Moviedrome 
Staring at the shadows and the falling lights 
Prisoners forever in the Moviedrome 
Letting all the pictures be the 
Guide to our fragile lives 
Did we ever really learn? 
Did we never really learn? 
The human race has found it's own true home 
The dwelling places of these high tech lies 
The few that see the world beyond the Moviedrome 
Must march on through the wilderness 
Of fantasy, False images, And pride

