When in a glow of everything, even the time had no power, the bottomless Tiamat was
boiling and the Absu echoed it. Dancing in infinite trance, in acausal existence, into
phenomenal level as in a dream.

And as if in a drug rest, in a womb of the world of nonexistence, the moment, the creation
image of worlds, that’ll lies a gloom shadow and bring all seven fetters, (was just a thought.)
That wisdom, beyond the horizons, the bosom of existence, the flow of invisible origin that is
Chaos!

And the stronger the waves were, the stronger the power became, visions, which couldn’t
be overcome, drawn clearly. And In those dreams there were walls, erected by a treacherous
power, and the usurper of the first was born by emanation there. And he divided as a virus,
bred the same as he, and he was blinded by power. Being proud of himself, he created his
kingdom and became an impersonal self-appointed king. But he found no happiness, no
peace, no harmony with himself, so then he created a man to become his servant. Creature -
to glorify his ego, exalting praises in supplications like worms, crawling on bellies with an
eternal prayer on their lips. He knew the power of force and fury of revenge perfectly and
then doubts and fear, lurking in them, came...And fear of the abyss was great, so he created
the gates to close the walls in order. But fear and doubt brought miscount, the blood was
roiling in his creature, there was a seed of Qliphoth.

One day, feeling the call of the infinite blood, inspired by dragon power, the force will return
to erase the blind dirt off. The walls and fetters will fall to the ground, a suffered world of
enslavement will be destroyed from inside and the black light will reveal itself. And depths of
waters will come to themselves again, in infinite dancing, in acausal existence, in ecstasies of
death birth. The power will become undivided, the eternity will be their bridal chamber, and
the space will be only a moment from unborn dark dreams.

‘’That is not dead which can eternal lie,

Yet with strange aeons even death may die.’’

