Follow me and I will show you that you have never seen, and it will make you tremble,
evoking memories of eras and lives long forgotten, which appear for you to see them only in
dreams or in a deathbed. I will take you to the places you have never been, beyond the limits
there was and are the magic Thessaly, incredible Eldorado, Unknown Kadath where will be
your will, so and I will be there with you.

I was one of those, the power, which founded cities and destroyed them. And I was looking
from the silence over the stars, violating laws of the sky, and ascended high, I sought to be
above all. I was a seal of perfection, an element, a thought, the deep, bringing the light for
permeation and the most perfect of all miracles. Poets sang dithyrambs, and I was a vial,
which watered the kings, and a poison, which took them away. I am an archaism, a
neologism, a riot and the eternal enemy and countless number of names.

Your hell is everywhere and you are in it forever. You wander in the darkness of mind and
breed slaves, for whom the best adornment is a crown of thorns.

The ones, in weakness and spinelessness, sank in the vanity of time. The others suffer
condemnation and are waiting for the end without any will to live and any aspirations. The
third ones seek for delights, they are prisoners of their flesh and the flesh is their purpose.
There are also those who govern, use and direct them, but they are slaves too, who seek for
confession, forgiveness and support in silent heavens.

You will be a God among the man, among whom you were in rank yesterday as luck would
get it, and I will become Mentor, a judge and a prosecutor for them. You don’t need a
revelation to perceive the existence, the world is terribly antinomic, but on the whole only
people are those who draw everything to the bottom. They all are searching for the meaning
of life, inventing morality, in their ignorance, savageness, dishonor and bootlicking of souls.
And their moral principles destroy the perfect ones, incensing Femiam in theirs temples.
And be free from morality, from fetters of the law of life, follow the burning path solemnly,
wake up from sleep you, son of mayhem, bearing the blood of Kingu! Clear the mind to
know, learn the truth of yourself, rejecting the false morality. The son of Serpent and the
Earth, slash manacles of compressive limits with your sword.

