Imposture!
At the peak of my triumphant march
Conjuration!
Doubt befalls me so close to the end.

Cannot move any further
Feet are tired from the haste
So close to the finale
I desperately need to rest

Face to face with the very substance of my journey
Just need to reach out and grab the gold
Take the crown and be king for a lifetime

But in the hour that I longed for
At the vertex of my crave
Just when I thought I had broken free
I'm even deeper inside the maze

But I don't feel lost anymore
Somehow I do not feel astray
Somehow I' m not the same as before
Maybe I've grown wiser on the way

So I write this down for you to know I've been here
Tired, torn and stripped down to the core

And that I'm not the same as yesterday
Maybe I've grown wiser on the way

Thus, I write all this down for you to know I've been here
Close enough to almost feel your breath
Write this down for you to know
I've slept the sleep of restless hours
And when I woke, I left with the promise I would be back

Fool, Me!
Swimming in the burning sea.
Fool, me!
I have seen the careless me!
And I don't feel lost anymore.
Somehow, I do not feel astray.
Somehow, I'm not the same as before.
Maybe I've just grown wiser on the way.

Thus, I write all this down for you to know I've been here
Close enough to almost feel your breath
Write this down for you to know
I've slept the sleep of restless hours
And when I woke, I left knowing I would be back.

Disillusion are:
Vurtox - vocals, guitars, acoustic guitars, bass, piano and orchestral arrangements
Rajk Barthel - guitars
Jens Maluschka - drums

Guest musicians on this album:
Thomas Bremer - piano on "And The Mirror Cracked"
Matthias Schifter - fretless bass on "And The Mirror Cracked" and "A Day by The Lake"
Denise Schneider - female voice on "Fall" and "The Sleep of Restless Hours"
Stefan Launicke - piano intro on "Back To Times Of Splendor", strings on "The Sleep Of Restless Hours"
Alex Tscholakov - drumloops and percussion on "Alone I Stand In Fires"

Recording Infos:
Recorded May through Nov. 2003 by Vurtox and Jan Stölzel at Salvation Recording / Leipzig
Vocals and accoustic guitars recorded by Alexander Tscholakov at TAM Recordings Nov / Dec 2003
Mixed by Alexander Tscholakov, Vurtox and Disillusion during Dec / Jan 2003 at TAM Recordings
Mastered at Mastersound Studio / Fellbach Jan 2004 by Alexander Krull and Disillusion

All Songs by Vurtox and Disillusion
All Lyrics by Vurtox
Produced by Vurtox




