Dominant steel fists abuse my black cognitive
In a swirl of abhorrence and mourning I screech
I scream the name of this noisy reinforcement which approaches
Reducing us to human smashed lintus under Ostketten
Envenomed angels victims, shaped in darkened lambency
Prepared rammers, they smell the faith of unhated conception
Fingers!! One by one bashed in white minus junks

Men beside me blamed like weak organic structures
You violated rags!

Forthcoming gears, beast made of steel and iron
Thundering panzers, war-metal march
Storming machine-guns, growing Euthanasia
Aggressive cries of death, which bring me slowly dead
Those which love and believe in the eternal light
The present moment you realize that you are
Just a wound in the life of those wished your execution.
Reconsider with all that you did not create
That no God will ever help you!!
Except to destroy you, still more than you already are...

Stripped plasters we are
The plague haunts us
Gangrene intense
Cold amputation

We die slowly
We die stronger [2x]
Death plague execrates our mind!

Dead as a putrefaction old scent inside
I vomit my remembrances of true lifetime
Human Blood I taste, human bodies everywhere
My infant, your daughter, raped virginity
They will possess your dreams and lives
A chapter, your imageries of true saviours
Closer they ride, closer to die
Abominations that kill &amp; fuck you rags!
The beast you never see and never fed
That takes you back, your tortured hearse!

Forthcoming gears, beast made of steel and iron.
Thundering panzers, unhearted war-metal march
Storming machine-guns, growing cruel euthanasia
Aggressing cries of death, which bring me slowly dead

Reducing us to human smashed lintus under Ostketten
Envenomed angels victims, shaped in darkened lambency
Prepared rammers, they smell the faith of unhated conception
Fingers!! One by one bashed in white minus junks

You violated rags!
Rags!

Zurhosis: Bass (fretless)
Zokvist: Vocals
Exu: Guitars
Vikker: Guitars
Silencer: Drums




