Silence around of me…this room has no windows alone with my memories, with my sins and repents.
I’m crying inside, crawling towards the night, they are coming back, to take my mind.
Rulers of the mind, serpents with lamb eyes, bastard messengers of my sweetest pain.
And I’m trying to find the truth through the lies, and I’ve tried to read between the lines…
Ambassadors of lust, betrayer of the light, they whisper in my ear…to follow them
Dark waters still warp my thoughts, I still think to the past, I still think to their death…
I think when I was death, when I was hate and pain for thousands of people
But I was a soldier… yes, I was a soldier…a soldier.

In silence…In darkness…I know I’m not alone, I know with them I have to go…
In silence…In darkness…I know I’m not alone…the pain of mine, soldier of God…
My sins are shadows that are blackening my soul…Beloved war of mine, leave this man alone.

The sound of lost forgotten screams is deep inside my mind and my soul..
Fields covered with fire and flames, creating the shadows once I feared…
Air raid sirens call my name as the wind whispers names… I’ve never known
Tears from the eyes of a mother…her sad eyes, on a cold tomb made of clay…
As blood pours down from the sky...I’ve seen people crying and I’ve seen people dying...
Marching soldiers like a thunder roaring, the star of chaos is rising again…
I look myself in the mirror, smiling to the past, thinking to what I was…
And as the blood of men keeps on flowing…I think to myself...what a wonderful world.

In silence…In darkness…I know I’m not alone, I know with them I have to go…
In silence…In darkness…I know I’m not alone…the pain of mine, soldier of God…
My sins are shadows that are blackening my soul…Beloved war of mine, leave this man alone.

Lost in time – another day spent in sorrow
Silent tears – hand in hand the pain I follow…
Endless thorns – nail my hands, my soul, my feelings
Pain Divine – my love is dead, my will of living…Yeah.

From my past – come the storms bringing madness
My dear friend – close your eyes, embrace my sadness
Take my hand – my heart is cold, my heart is stone.
In the end – I closed my eyes, I die alone.

