In the fading candlelight we move as windless ships.
With the breath of the angels two souls entwined
in the dance of the broken heart.
Our secret marriage needs no vows, true love never needs to be spoken.
Dance with me close in our darkest embrace, as night will soon be broken.
How do the things that always begin so right
always end so very wrong?
When we were but stars in the heavens in time,
stars in the heavens in time will fade after so very long...
I always believed, I always believed in my heart
that this lovewould keep us strong...
But as this love hides in the roses to night,
it dances it dances, in the broken heart...
So bitter was I in the times when your heart beat fierce and free.
You'd breathe in the night in another's arms,
but say that you wish it was me.
If only to bridge this chasm of distance,
to be with you everywhere.
I'd kiss away all of your sorrows and tears,
if only I could have been there...
How do the things that always begin so right
always end so very wrong?
I drift in the night on a bridge of incompetence
still really dont know why...
though I know by these times that the darkest days
always began with a smile.
I always believed, I always believed in my heart
that this love would still keep us strong...
But as this love hides in the roses tonight,
it dances it dances, in the broken heart...
This place at the edge of the river,
I've created for you.
It's one night in heaven adrift the stars,
to turn all your grey skies blue.
But I know when the night gives birth to the dawn,
it's wings will fly you away.
But I whisper in silence through tears in your eyes,
would it be too much if I ask you to stay?
How do the things that always begin so right
always end so very wrong?
I drift in the night on a sea of desire but I still believe in you.
And for all of these dreams, and for what it's worth,
it always comes down to you.
And I always believed, I always believed in my heart,
that this love inside would still keep us strong.
But as this love dies in the roses tonight,
it dances it dances... in the broken heart...

