I'm so sick of the program that says you live to feed the machine, and then you die. S tuck in a maze with no plan, searching for the answers to what, how, and why. I'm so sick of the bullshit. I've played myself too many times. Excuses, I'm done with them. The truth hits harder than a shotgun, then I knew I couldn't stay at the bottom where I'm from. I saw it in a vision, took a look at my position, made freedom my only mission. Execute with the true precision. A revolution of my mental got me thinking that I'm on the brink of scratching through the surface

My mind and soul balance and equalize in me. 'Cause let me tell you bruh, I've been through everything. I'm not going back. There's no room at the bottom where I'm from
I'm never going back ('cause there's no room at the bottom where I'm from). I'm never going back (brick by brick I laid my own foundation). I'm never going back ('cause there's no honor in giving up). I've felt weak and powerless (but the fire inside helped me get through)

Defy the program that says you live to feed the machine, and then you die. I hold my life in my own hands. I've found the answers to what, how, and why

I've seen it in a vision, brick by brick laid the foundation. There's no honor in giving up, so I just gotta keep it moving. That revolution happened deep inside, so I let the spirit guide. Now I'm strong where I was powerless

I'm never going back ('cause there's no room at the bottom where I'm from). I'm never going back (brick by brick I laid my own foundation). I'm never going back ('cause there's no honor in giving up). I've felt weak and powerless (but the fire inside helped me get through)

And I feel stronger now. I feel I could conquer the world now. If I get it, I get it by grinding, by the sweating of my brow. A bit wiser now, and the world is only getting colder. I evolve (progress) a little further, but still looking over my shoulder, and it ain't over. I assemble all my strength to move these boulders. I'm on the side of a mountain shouting. I'm getting louder. Fuck destiny. You'll never get the best of me. I'm gonna set the world on fire and unleash the beast in me

I'm never going back. ('cause there's no room at the bottom where I'm from). I'm never going back (brick by brick I laid my own foundation). I'm never going back (cause there's no honor in giving up). I've felt weak and powerless (but the fire inside helped me get through)

