Welcome to the illusion you're suspended in, wasting time with the worshiping of such charismatic puppets, just like sheep led to the shepherd. Why don't you take a look inside your precious hierarchy? Wasting time with worshiping a contradictious web of bludgeoned truths spun by the twisted and sick tongue of ever so desperate men, cattle! You're blinded, herded by a falsely approved prophet. You're blinded, drowning in a disgusting lack of individuality, servants of hypocrisy, brainwashed by religious belief. How the fuck did we let our race become like cattle? You're blinded, drowning in a sea of disillusion. You're blinded! They've got you distracted. Mind well and truly twisted and warped with inconsistencies. Specimens of mass distraction. How did we let our race become like cattle?

Laughing at the crowds outside religious institutions while they're plotting vile intrusions of your mind. In time, their secrets will be unveiled. Knowledge fractured and jaded.
What was always encapsulated in the essence of life itself, but you'll obey while your priests say "amen," as they molest. Your priests say "amen," while they molest.

Awake yet sleeping, grazing on their fields of inhibitions. Stop sleeping! End all of this misguided bliss. Time to play with consciousness and explore your potential as a being of the universe, undistracted by their fairy tales. Stop slaving! Leaders sit on thrones of gold, while watching children starve. Churches are rich, while millions suffer. "Please just give us three pounds a month." What? Are you dumb? Do the math! They're scamming humanity! Wake up, you servile cunts! Cunts!

There is nothing to be taught. Just look inside. The truth will set you free. Just abandon this pack mentality. A pawn of beliefs, useful manipulation techniques, you see? So many wars constructed under your force fed systems of control.

Now the financially warped whisper orders to the puppets of their misguiding regimes. "Make your followers say, amen while we molest. Make them say "Amen," make them say "Amen," while they molest them! ...And rape their minds, making them submissive to the will of those who wish to dominate over them. Amen. Amen.

