So, let me brainwash you.
Inhale the fetid lies I force down your fragile throat.
Dissecting synapses and shedding dreams.
Under the weight of my pixelated seams, the gutter wreak of decomposing intellect and...
As I subtly hypnotize you you're perplexed in awe of this machine.
You pathetic and distracted waste of a creation.

Why not open up your uninspired eyelids to the truth, look at proof of the filth you perpetuate so precisely.
Intellectual decline is an angel to the disconcerting leaders of a disappearing planet as they secretly conspire, to force feed you the...

Lies I force down your fragile throat, you're led like cattle to the slaughter-couch.
Take a seat and prepare for lobotomy.
I'm like a skilled surgeons defective hand, oh fuck it let's all go consume.

Bombarded with unimportant technology, fucking buy it!
Celebrity infatuation.
Beauty, plastic surgery, you're too fucking fat.
Smoke this, don't smoke that, now pay us money for this pointless patch.

SIT THE FUCK DOWN AND TUNE IN!
Entertainment drooling from your open mouth.
Seeding, feeding.
My empirical static draws you closer, entertainment drooling from your open mouth.
Seeding, feeding.

GRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
You better get beautiful.
To the soothing tune of misinformation.
You better keep serving.

Grind, sleep, grind.
Consume and pay the...
War led system as it marches, arms wide open, acceptant of hypocrisy.
Led by corrupted puppeteers, choking murder.
An uninspired hierarchy of liars sitting on thrones made of spare tamed intellect and...

Something save us!
Nothing can save you.
From this corrupt...
Shut the fuck up, watch the latest headlines cattle. Everything will be ok.
What about the poison in our water supply, wars for oil, false flag attacks?
Shut the fuck up now, hush why don't you go back to sleep? Everything will be ok, listen to your TV!
Maybe I should just sit down and watch an episode of bullshit?

Take a seat and watch your life unfold as you do nothing but save up for a house with a car and that lush car from the Ad before you curl up, tune out, DIE!

DON'T DARE TOUCH THAT DIAL!
So, you've fulfilled lies saturated on your lifeless corpse.
A wad of worthless money tightly clutched in one hand.
And in the glow of my pixelated stare, you see this program's drawing to an end.
And I've dissected synapses and shed your dreams, they've been precisely extracted from your head.
And you lapped up your decomposed intellect.

Everything will be OK, I'll just sit down and watch some bullshit.

