My whole world is created by demonsMy whole life is getting lostMy mistakes, they pour over me nowAnd I begin to regret I feel the rain is falling downIt feels like drowning in the rain Had to leave home, they did not want meFor all I've done, I pay the price No place to restNo place called homeI hide my tears and try to keep strongI am afraid how life goes onWhy should I still feel lost?They must justify themselvesFor kicking me out of homeCan they sleep at night?Do they dream of me?Do they hope I will return? They called me a problem childBut never knew what goes on inside my mindI have done so many things wrongBut is that enough to be left behind? I feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tearsI feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tears ThisI have stolenMaybeI have beatenDid you (Did you)Ever ask why?Have youBeen there for meShown me all your loveDid you (Did you)Ever wonder why? Rain... keeps falling down... Rain keeps falling downIt comes along with meIt's falling downDownDownDownFalling down I feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tearsI feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tears Still no place to stayOnly prayers to breakWill God forgive my deeds?I will try to hold onI will try to be strongIt might take the rest of my lifeGod, Father, and SonBut there will be noneDon't You know that I'm Your flesh and bloodYes it hurts so muchNo matter what I have doneThis way must be wrong They called me a problem childBut never knew what goes on inside my mindI have done so many things wrongBut is that enough to be left behind? I feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tearsI feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tearsI feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tearsI feel the rain is falling down (Down on me)I fear to drown in my river of tears

