Black. Dirty teeth. In the crease.
Was the proof too good to be believed?
It’s the cunt. With the tongue.
Who belongs on broken knees.
So far, it occurs to me that everybody in the world is afraid of me
Just one more sin and down we go. But the news is out, and I think I’m going to
Kill myself. Fuck myself. Or tell myself. About the only thing that matters now.

We bury what we fear the most
Approaching original violence
Is the silence where you hide it?
‘Cause I don’t recognize you anymore.
To each his own
Life can do with one less watered-down excuse
If this is over, you can tell me it’s no use.
USE – JUST TELL ME IT’S OVER

Today, we will deceive our better selves
Into assimilating pain from something else
Put on your face and show why
Behind the scenes we had to simply comply
Now, the community doesn’t feel any better than it used to be
I want to be a judge in a criminal case – you covered up, did you cultivate?
Be yourself. Not yourself. Know yourself. ‘Cause no one seems to know you now.

We carry what we can’t control
Approaching original violence
In the silence, there’s a nihilist
Who doesn’t care, and never did.
To each his own
Life can do with one less watered-down excuse
There comes a time when we can’t take the same abuse
If this is over, you can tell me it’s no use
USE

Drug out, pissed on, everything’s the same
Bitch and moan, it doesn’t matter, nothing’s going to change
I don’t want to watch another brother fucking die - so discarded, fallen by the side
Don’t tell me it’s the only way – just another reason why you never take the bait
The trials, the scheming, the burden of the beast
Both your faces turn your back on everything you fought to save a dream
Now that it’s over… when this is over…

We are the angels’ fear to tread
Approaching original violence
We’re the silence. We’ll deny it. We can’t continue on like this.
To each his own
Life can do with one less watered-down excuse
There comes a time when we can’t take the same abuse.
My God, it would’ve taken just one word to stay from you.
Now that this is over, you can tell me it’s no use…
Now that this is over, you can tell me it’s no use…
USE – JUST TELL ME IT’S OVER
It doesn’t matter what you say. It doesn’t matter what you do.
We can’t continue on like this.

