The Land of Undead is beckoning me
Am I fallen? NO! I cannot be!
I still feel my soul burning
It is not heaven...
But it could have been hell
If I believed in one
Fiery mountain, desolated, now I remember her name
ZOBER!
Unspeakable for so long, home of the ones enshrouded by myth
Myth that has died under the cross...
Legions
Naked breasts so mighty, almost gigantic
They call my name... My forefathers' name
THE BLOOD IS COMMON!
I'm not alone! We are not alone!

[Chorus:]
For a thousand years they slumbered inside our mind
The dreadful ones who laughed at death, those Sclavens mongering fear
This ancient legacy must finally come to life
Resurrect the Firebreath and smoke the Waterline!

VISTULA ON FIRE! VISTULA ON FIRE!
This ancient proverb de-mystified
When the waters of the River of Time are burning
The trial time for Slavia is at hand
And the fiery army of the Undead must be awoken
Harya! Harya!
This sacred army of the Undead Riders
From the pits of hell - in the heart of our Land White
Croatia, Morrdor
- Home of the Undead
Never been a believer in the alien god
My kin too proud to forget the legacy
Now the time is nigh to summon...
THE DISCIPLINE OF BLOOD!!!

[Chorus:]
For a thousand years they slumbered inside our mind
The dreadful ones who laughed at death, those Sclavens mongering fear
This ancient legacy must finally come to life
Resurrect the Firebreath and smoke the Waterline!

What greater horror man can think of
That a water which burns, not extinguishes the blaze
What greater horror may they think of
That an army not merely human but UNDEAD!

[Chorus:]
Hydromantic mystery
Brings the Spear of Destiny
Into the hands of He Who Swore the Rite
To Die... and Return from the Underdark
Hydromantic prophecy
Wakes the Beast of Legendry
Feared by all who knew not WORD
Vada'v'Agni 'll burn you all...

[Chorus:]
For a thousand years they slumbered inside our mind
The dreadful ones who laughed at death, those Sclavens mongering fear
This ancient legacy has finally come to life
Resurrect the Firebreath and WAKE YOUR PAGAN BLOOD!!!

Kel`Thuz - Bass 
Falon – Drums
Radek - Guitars 
Seru – Guitars
Peter (Szczezun) – Vocals




