[Intro solo Michael]

[The prince:]
Here we are, we stand together, fighting for what's right
We're marching on towards the palace, soon it is in sight

Does the evil prophet knows that we're coming, will he be prepared to die
Has he understand the signs that's written in the sky

The prophet of evil is standing proud and tall until the end of time
The prophet of evil he doesn't know the time is running out for him, I curse his soul

What is this, an ambush, it's a smaller unit enemies
It seems to me we are expected, I wonder how he was able to see...

As we're marching into the city I see, enemy troops on the streets facing me
Hundreds of them, thousands of them, behind them there I see:

The prophet of evil...

[Prince / The people:]
We still remember, how it used to be
In this fair land, before he came
To tear apart, he is to blame    [x2]

[The prince:]
We fight, we fight, the sun shines so bright.
We fight for our brothers and for what is right
We fight, we fight, we can see the light.

Defeating the enemy before the night
Our arms are strong, we're fighting what's wrong.
Respect our opponent, we know that he's strong

See you, see me, and what we will be.
Guardians of justice, strong proud and free
Our men are fighting brave in front of me.

And I don't beleive in what I see
The evil forces seems to kneel for me.
The prophet escapes and now I see

Now I understand, they're in my command.
Get after the wiz someone says in my mind
I follow him into the palace, my home.

And suddenly I find myself all alone
But then I see, up the stairs there he is.
I'm grabbing my light-sabre, how can I miss

He's facing the wall and got nowhere to go.
I look into his eyes, I'm making this slow
Now you will pay for what you did, you see.

To my father, to my mother and to me
I stab my sabre thru his heart.
But he's laughing and his clothes just falls apart

[Solo Michael / Jesse / Michael / Michael]

[The people:]
The prophet of evil is dead and gone, defeated by the son of the crown.
The prophet of evil he will no longer lead us into misery, cursed be his soul




