[Music: B. Eliasson, Lyrics: M. Andersson]

The night was facing dawn,
fireflies seized the air.
A man was heading out for new adventures as a knight.
A guardian angel
lead him to his goals.
He was raised to settle scores,
show his clan his pride.
Mysteries are lurking in the shadows,
the trees are whispering his name through the wind.
He rides so brave and proud,
powerful with a heart of gold.
The blade is held up high as he goes into battle.
He passes canyonlands
to find the trophy and the prize.
He wanted honour and respect,
make his clan so proud.
He was seeking justice in the kingdom.
He was trusted to protect the children and the weak.
His reputation has been spread across the lands.
Bounty-hunters searched for him to bring him down.
Shout your name, call out your name!
Strike your blade and you will be remembered.
The violence, show them your game.
This world will fade if you loose your faith.
Allegiance will stay the same.
You've become a legend and a story told
you will defeat the bringer of war.
Then he met a woman,
love was born and he settled down.
His dedication for their love lead them to their altar.
One night a child was born,
who's destiny was already set.
Years passed and suddenly darkness
clouded his view.
He saw his family being burned to ashes.
Struck by fury and revenge, he went out of his mind.
Full of hate he became a slayer.
He raised his sword up high, electrified by lightning.
Shout your name, call out your name!
Strike your blade and you will be remembered.
The violence, show them your game.
This world will fade if you loose your faith.
Allegiance will stay the same.
You've become a legend and a story told
you will defeat the bringer of war.
Shout your name, call out your name! (Call out your name!)
Strike your blade and you will be remembered.
The violence, show them your game. (Show them your game.)
This world will fade if you loose your faith.
Allegiance will stay the same. (Will stay the same.)
You've become a legend and a story told
you will defeat the bringer of war. (The bringer of war...)

