Born again, resurrected, awaken to awareness,
Reforged into living weapon, I exist no more
I am fused, I'm improved
They command me:
Fill the kill board
Fill the kill board
Feel the kill !!!

Through million ages I quietly travelled
I fullfill my destiny in death,
They command me:
Fill the kill board
Fill the kill board
Fill the kill board
Feel the kill !!!

Scorch the earth, be quick, kill survivors
As death itself, I'm advancing gravely
In the name of hate, in the name of fight
They command me:
Fill the kill board
Fill the kill board
Feel the kill !!!

The sentient being around me takes the lead
Through resurgence into death, I am left to bleed

I am slain by the synthetic hand that I command
An undisclosed plot seals my doom...

I can't die...
I can't suffer forever...
Why can't I leave ?
Melt, fused, I am no more...
Brain, mind
Combined with this artilect...
My mind is bent by the
Sentient entity surrounding me
I am one with the one who is killing me
I am a living dead in a body of steel
And I can't rest in peace...

I become the dark redeemer , I am the martyrdom for humankind
I am the one who eternally lies in prometherean torment
I have no time to scream, no time to bleed with a crown of thorns
I am blessed by the shadows of the black sun...

Against me, you are outnumbered from the start
Eye for an eye, I am whispering terror (through) nuclear winter
One shot thousand kills, this bloodbath is my paradise
Improved, I'm breathing flaming corpses with delight

I AM THE DOOMSDAY DEVICE !!!!

Chained, insane, I declare my demise,
As a chrysalis transforms and starts the flight

Beyond the boundaries of death
I welcome, and despise, overwhelm all of you.

LOCK ON, FIRE, KILL THE GODS !!!

I sailed the obscure waters of my hate
To become the silent torn on HIS side
Abomination with venom paints my steel life

Despair is exposed, transmitted, amplified,
When eternity is reversed by a deicide,
An inglorious artiGod triumphs on mankind

