[Murray / Harris / McBrain]

[Sung By Iron Maiden's Drummer Nicko McBrain! Well... Tried To Sing It.]

One, two, three, four...
Hahaha!
Oh! They even got the music to go with it, that’s lovely!

I can't be compromising in my thoughts no more, ha ha, oh yeah, ah
I can't remember whats-er-name the name my anger fills my heart
I can't be sympathising with a new lost fart

Hahaha! Oh… Ohhh...

I can't be compromising in my thoughts no more
I can't prevent the whatever my anger fills my heart
I can't be sympathising with a new lost cause
I feel I've lost me patience with the world and all
Oh, and the world and...
So we can only get one chance, can we take it
And we only get one life, can't exchange it
Can we hold onto what we have, don't replace it
The age of innocence is fading like a dream, oh yeah!
I’ve lost me place; I’ve no idea where I’m going again!
Oh yes!
...Like an old dream!
You can't protect yourselves even in your own home
For fear of vigilante cries the victims wipe their eyes
So now the criminals they laugh right in our face – Ha ha!
Judicial system lets them do it, a disgrace – yeah!
Oh, a disgrace what I say!
So we can only get one chance, can we take it
And we only get one life, can't exchange it
Can we hold on to what we have, don't replace it
The age of innocence is fading like a dream
Dreamahh dreamahh dadadada
Lost me place again! Lalalalala
Oh dear!
Oh the age of innocence, what do you say about that then?
There it is!
Guitar solo coming!
Davey chap, give me some!
Oh, you know don’t you, yes!
Oh, that’s number two, isn’t it?
Age of innocence, age of innocence
When Davey plays that guitar, there’s no innocence there!
Deedee wawaahhhh waahh waddaday waddaday adaday
Ooh dee dee dee wa wa wa wah wankadidy daah laa
Swabby dee dadadee...
Hahaha!
...I love you!
Yes I do!
Ha! This is our get down and get funky bit lads!
Here he is!
You know, don’t you? Good innit?
Oh, hang on a minute, I think I’m supposed to be singing here!
Oh no, that’s the bridge... Oh what comes after that?
Oh, it’s another verse, maybe not! Oh dear!
Dee dee nuzzing!
Supposed to be singing here!
...For fear of vigilante crimes the victims wipe their eyes
So now the criminal, they laugh right in our face!
Oh yeah!
I'm supposed to know this tune!
Er, that’s what they told me last night anyway!
You didn’t do too bad Nicko!
Not bad!
Pretty good playing here and there
There’s no stopping the old bugger!
Not bad for an old one… How old!?
What about that sleeping bag that’s next to Davey’s name?
I wonder what that means...
You boys and girls don’t really know what’s going on, do you?
Well, that makes two of us!
Anyway, ah! I think we’re at the end of the tune... Possible!
Dee dee wa wa dee dee dee dee dada dah
...Oh, this is a nice guitar part now!
Refrain lads, refrain!
Stop what you’re doing!
Yes! Put that woman down!
Or maybe not...
Whatever...
...See
Well, it has been a pleasure
Hope it was fun for you as it was for me!
Goodbye!
Ooh, wouldn’t be so bad if I knew the bloody tune, would it?

[Someone else:] So that was pretty good! You lost course, didn’t you?

Did you think that was a good take?
Thank you very much!
Can I track it?
Hahaha!
Oh shit!
Oh...




