[Music: Münzner, lyrics: Münzner/Tougas]

"(...) Despite our grief, we looked up to the stars with a shimmering hope, for one day the mantle of Armon'Sul would be passed on again.

When the day comes and the darkness returns, our shields will glow in the light of the twin suns and the hammer of the gods will shatter on them.

Should our flame be extinguished by the shadows of the night once more, we will die upon our feet and never yield."

And we will hail his return with swords held high towards the cerulean skies (...)"

[Excerpt taken from "Encyclopediae Aethemonium", chapter IX, War of the first Emergence, 1399 A.D. Written by Enel Sul'Gana, Elder Historian and Archivist.]

"(...) I, for one, never believed in these foolish legends, but 2 years ago when I saw him with my own eyes, I was proved wrong. After we were reluctantly let go from the brig by the council following the Helon IV fiasco, Cyclonus and I were reinstated. The Cyclopean Force was reassigned to be led by Armon'Sul for a counter-offensive operation on earth and we both witnessed first hand why legends were made out of this character. I still don't know if it was actually *him* or someone else who took upon his title, but the armor and weapons he and his men wielded were certainly not man-made. They looked ancient and completely alien to us.
He couldn't be a fake. His sword for example, cut through Pryarus energy shields better than our strongest firearms and plasma blades ever did. Who is he truly? Where did he acquire such weapons and skill? The rest that followed is just a blur. Hundreds of thousands died from both sides, with Armon'Sul presumably responsible for dispatching half of the enemy infantry by himself judging from how their bodies were disassembled. The Sol system was safe yet again. Shortly after, he was never seen again, and Cyclonus was nowhere to be found – his body was never recovered nor do we have any proof that he's alive. I still don't know how to process all of this and I don't know what will happen next. We may have won the battle, but we have not won the war. We will drive the Pryarus out of our homes, solar system after solar system, no matter the cost.

[Xel'terras Errod, Sol archives, 2001.]

[Solo 1 (Harmony): Tougas/Münzner/Pitts]

On wings of eagles I'm riding the storm
Across the valleys of despair
Born into the darkness, a black raven's heart
Ethereal starlight guides my path

Alone I stand, an army of one
My unbroken spirit prevails
My sword is forged from the blood of my enemies
No one can challenge my will, I own my destiny

Through raging battles and furious winds
Through darkest nights I heed the call
Defeating legions and ruling the ruins
A warrior's pride will never fall

I hold the key to unlock my dreams
No one will stand in my way
Forevermore will the legends remember my name
Through the twilight of time

Far beyond the gates of salvation
Burns a flame to light up the night
Glorious, I carry the torch to the end of all days
Onward I ride on wings of the destiny

[Solo 2 (Harmony): Tougas/Münzner/Pitts]
[Solo 3 (Harmony): Tougas/Münzner]
[Solo 4: Pitts]
[Solo 5 (Harmony): Tougas/Münzner/Pitts]

Far beyond the gates of salvation
Burns a flame to light up the night
Glorious, I carry the torch to the end of all days
Onward I ride on wings of the destiny




