[Music: Münzner/Tougas, lyrics: Tougas]

"Before the Crimson Concordat was signed, Cyclonus was assigned to our unit in 1985 at the last minute to fight off the Torruus in the Sol System. He just had seen Torruus capital ships glass his entire homeworld in an instant when they invaded. Fortunately for him, mutated humans from outer colonies were still welcome to enlist in the inner system's fleet. The one-eyed bastard was blind with rage, but he was an outmatched tactician. During the battle of Mimas, he hijacked a Torruus IC-class Flagship by himself via a malfunctioning hangar-bay gate and destroyed 10 battlecruisers and 34 C-Grade interceptors. A decisive battle that won us the war thanks to his action. Shortly after our victory, the Concordat was signed. It drove Cyclonus mad. He did not want peace. His thirst for revenge was never quenched so he deserted and fell off the grid while I became a race pilot in later years. During my time in the circuit, I heard from various sources that he became the sector's most vicious mercenary. He is responsible for the destruction of the entire Vau solar system, amongst others. Surely you understand now why I was skeptical at first when the council asked him to join the fleet again. Not only that but they had the nerve to ask me to re-enlist out of retirement. Shortly after, they assigned me as his second in command in CF-1 during the second Pryarus emergence of 1999. How could a war-hero-turned murderous mercenary protect us and lead us to defend Helon IV, let alone Earth? In the end, he proved us all wrong. It's as if he had completely changed over-night. Sure, big money was involved, but it had to be more than that due to the high-risk nature of the mission. Was it redemption? Personal Glory? Inner Peace? I wish I could ask him today, because none of us, not even Armon'Sul himself, would be alive today without him".

[Xel'teras Errod, on Cyclonus' life and military service, Sol archives, 2001.]

[Solo 1: Tougas]
[Solo 2: Münzner]

Beckoned by the winds of war
I've come to collect my bounty
Ruthless battle-mech mercenary
Blazing forth from the outer rims

My name is known throughout the galaxy
I am the last ones of my kind
Solar systems stand or fall by my will
Depending on who pays the high price

Contract of war signed in Torruus blood
The Cyclopean Force is called down

So far from home I've travelled
To reclaim what is mine
High above the spirits soar
Where triumph awaits me

Legions from sector Xeros
descend on the megapolis
Standing on the edge of forever
To defend the last inner colony

The time has come to face my fate
Far away, the city calls for me
Shape-shifting titans in omega phalanx
Collide under the fiery horizon

No turning back – my mind is set
Fulfill the mission, no matter the cost

So far from home I've travelled
To reclaim what is mine
High above the spirits soar
Where triumph awaits me

[Solo 3 (Harmony): Tougas/Münzner/Pitts]
[Solo 4: Pitts]

So far from home I've travelled
To reclaim what is mine
High above the spirits soar
Where triumph awaits me

[Solo 5: Tougas]
[Solo 6: Münzner]

