[From the journal of Professor Caleb Blackthorne III, continued...
20 October, 1893
I have long felt the celebrated map of Admiral Piri Reis, which quite astoundingly depicts the continent of Antarctica in a state wholly free of the ice which has bound it ceaselessly since time immemorial,  to be of far wider and more resonant implications to humanity than the proud echelons of the scientific community will ever dare admit.
I believe that beneath the ice-veiled surface of that southernmost continent lie the remnants of time-lost civilisations which were ancient even before fabled Atlantis sank beneath the waves.
Indeed, further translation of the sigils engraved into the antediluvian artefact has imbued my oft derided theory with an unmistakable aura of veracity.
Piecing together the fragmentary records evidenced in this incredible relic, whilst simultaneously cross referencing the resultant lore with information gleaned from other sources on the same theoretical subject, I have been able to extrapolate a meaning from the arcane carvings which transcends all but my most fevered imaginings.
What mighty cyclopean structures once towered skyward where now only the desolate wind-whipped ice-wastes endure?
What splendid peoples once throve where now only the hardiest and most resistant forms of life subsist?
This ancient and wondrous testament is truly an elucidatory blessing to such idealistic questors as I, who are forever In Search Of The Lost Cities Of Antarctica:]

[The Explorer:]
Beneath the ice, the endless ice of Pangaea's now axial eternally frozen frontier, entombed for countless millions of years... the lost cities of Antarctica!
Secrets locked within the ice, the endless ice of Antarctica,
'Neath the peak of Erebus the First Ones sleep, Lords of Pangaea,
Cities lost within the night, the frozen night of Antarctica,
Pre-Cambrian, the Voyagers, beyond the stars, Lords of Pangaea.

[The Testament of the Winds:]
Once, the coruscating spires of man here offered their splendour to the heavens.
Now, those spires gleam no more, save in dreams of verdant plains, save in dreams of time-lost citadels.
Legacy of a utopia lost, forever enshrined 'neath the ice...

[Echoes of the First Ones:]
Sail across Panthalassa to Gondwanaland,
Three moons to guide us on this voyage across the sea,
Sail across Panthalassa to Gondwanaland,
New lands to conquer and claim for our progeny.

[The Testament of the Winds:]
Before the Third Moon fell from orbit, before the Nine Continents were formed from Pangaea's shattered surface...
Hewn from the Pre-Cambrian rock, behold this primordial metropolis!
And the First Ones shall awaken on that day, when man will return to the stars!
On the eve of the Third Moon's fall from the tortured sky,
On the eve of the cataclysm, the stars align...
Hewn from the Pre-Cambrian rock, behold this primordial metropolis!
And the First Ones shall awaken on that day, when man will return to the stars!

[Echoes of the First Ones:]
We, who were before Man, are destined to be the architects of his future!
It is true... a vast ice-bound megalopolis lies concealed beneath our very feet... as does one of the axial entrances to this planet's inner world!

[The Explorer:]
And humanity shall one day rediscover the secrets long-frozen within the lost cities of Antarctica!
There will come a day when the ingenuity of man shall pierce that impenetrable shield of ice which keeps Antarctica's wonders from our inquisitive gaze, and I truly believe that day shall herald a glorious new era of enlightenment for us all.

