Enough with the self deprecation
We get it, your spineless, we know!!
You honor those who are not worthy
It's shameless and vile
and so...
where is the anger, where is the rage?
Where are the people the systems enraged?
Where is the hope for brighter pastures
they promised to send us for life
everlasting?

and yet the pain inside
is like 10 miles wide
So consent decree
Embrace your new reality

All of our leaders insane
All of our people, fucked in the brain
Conditioned to follow the mass
Spreading the lies as news travels fast
State your opinion, state it today
Last call for life in this last chance cafe'
Globalization's great work is at hand
enslaving the people, milking the sand

We got the end in sight
and it's black and white
Oh, and it's plain to see
Embrace the new reality

Deploy all troops and tankers
sent by the international bankers
We can all use a lesson in history
to dispell shock, awe, and the mystery
It's the fall of the middle class
Thoroughly fucked up and torn a new ass
by the fed and blind legislation
drawn up by the mob that ransacked this nation
It stinks to high holy heaven
from the news at 6 to more lies at 11
You better think hard while you tuck the kids in
Tell em you love em' and that life's worth living

Yeah... it's time to wake the fuck up!

Prying for more information ever so slowly exposed
No shortage of sinful behavior, the wolf adorns the sheep's clothes
Why are the hungry not being fed?
Why are these crazy thoughts in my head?
Why must religion and culture collide,
and why is no one but god on our side?

Now we're the enemy
and we're soon to be freedom free
Embrace the new reality

I don't care whether you like me or not
You'll soon be face down in your own shit, blood, piss, and snot
Praise the lord for the tax cuts he gave you
while global elitists like Bush co. enslaved you
All pimps just peddling us cheap ho's
Holding down 3 jobs with cheap booze and no doze
Tabloid press and biblical fixation
Rapture your ass, post 3 years of tribulation
Don't say I never told you so.
It's not like you didn't have a choice, you know?
The truth hurts in the world we live in
No one's accountable and all are forgiven
Too many of us along for the free ride
The ark capsized and found us in rip tide
Hold true to the words of wisdom
Fight the power, and fuck the system!!

yeah, fuck the system!!!

