So what's the word?
I'm looking for a word that can ease the pain
That we all suffer from living in a world that's insane
A simple word I could shout out or blurt
And that would take away all of the hurt
A word to soothe your soul when the tears flow
And that would make the smile on your face glow
Bury your bad memories in a deep grave
Free your mind from the chains of an emotional slave
A word as pretty as a purple sunset
A word so powerful you'll never forget
That I'd be willing to do anything for you
But I just need to know what to do

I'm looking for a word, is it a secret word?
I wish there was a word

I wish there was a word that could help you heal
That could take away all the pain you feel
Not asking for a word that can cure a disease
Just a word to put your mind at ease
I'm looking for a way to communicate
That all the people on the earth can relate
I'm looking for a word that won't let you down
That'll give you strength when I'm not around
A word that can fill you up when you're past empty
A peaceful place in your mind that's is always rent free

Yea I got to slow down
Cause too much is going down
How many times can one person cry?
How many times can one person die?

I'm looking for the word, that special magic word
I'm looking for the word, the secret word

So what's the word?
So what's the word?
My, my, my, another lie
Why, why, why, you got to lie?

So what's the word?
I spend too much time wondering what the hell is wrong with me
Where all you see is joy, pain is all I see
Suffocating in a world full of schemers
(Who are) Taking advantage of the hopes of the dreamers
I need a word to let you know that I need help
Cause sometimes I get so down on myself
Trying to find my place in this madness
Drowning myself in a cesspool of sadness

Yea I got to slow down
Cause it's getting so out of hand
Half of my homies that stood so proud next to me
Are doing time in the state penitentiary

Lie. lie, lie, until you die
Lie, lie, lie, until you die
So what's the word?

