[-The beginning-]

"He created and molded you. and afterwards
said to the angels: "Prostrate before Adam!"
And they fell prostrated,everyone, but iblis,
that denied to prostrate himself.

[The Creator:] "What did forbid you from
prostrating when I commanded you so?"

[Iblis:] "I am superior to him. You've created me from the fire,
while him, You've created from the clay."

[The Creator:] "Swoop down from here!
You shall not show pride here, so lash yourself!
Oh! You're one of the decayed..."
[Koran, VII]

[-Words Against-]

I don't know what is wrong tonight
The world has just torn apart?
Can't you see the strenght of this night?
It's the end of war above our heads

If it's just the end, it's all right
No matter who wins, He will rule our land
But that's not the way for you to think
That's not the way for yoy to...Understand this miserable day

So much blood around, not much fantasy
So much darkness found and no mercy
There is a lot of us in Devil's hand
I believe you and believe me
Can you tell me
Would you believe in
This crazy world full of emptiness?

[-A Dash to Mankind-]

Hearts beating, Hearts bleeding
Oh, no! You cannot leave me
I'm praying, I'm begging
For someone to protect me
A new rising comes tearing
Oh, no! Please,don't forget me

[-The Redemption Trial-]

Look at yur eyes there's no more feeling
The pain in your heart covered up your soul
Fallen angels cry for freedom
For the suffering they played

[-Clash of the Ones-]

Warriors divine
Fighting forever in this Holy War
Trying to recover the forgotten love
Ridding against the winds
That anounce the end...Brothers in line
Ready for another round
Until the blood starts to flow
Over the sacred land...Staining the way

Soldiers of light bringing the dawn
The Angel of the light watches we fall
Apocalyptic bards, Minstrels of down
Announcing the end...see the Heaven falls!

Weapons in hand
The drums of war start to sound
Rising the sun, tearing the ground
His forsaken children fight to recover His love

Soldiers of light bringing the dawn
The Angel of the light watches we fall
Apocalyptic bards, Minstrels of down
Announcing the end...Weapons in hand
Our promised land...And the Heavenfalls...




