Kyrie, kyrie eleison.
Kyrie, kyrie eleison.
Kyrie eleison.
Kyrie eleison.

I had a dream last night,
The same old dream I've had every night since I was a child:
There's a little girl lost in the middle of an immense battlefield.
There is fire and rage everywhere.
She has a sword and a feather in her hands.

Close your eyes, don't leave me here alone.
Do you hear the angels crying?
Helpless they're waiting for me in the dark.

Come with me, there's no way out.
I cannot escape the rage and the fire.
I'm lost with a sword and a feather in my hands.

I shall be the silent witness in the dark.
The time has come, I can see Death walking all around.

Now tell me why I'm here with a feather in my hand.
Tell me why I'm here with a sword in my hand.
I'm cold inside, I am just a little girl in a game I don't understand.
Don't leave me here alone.

Now look at these men in shining uniforms,
Carrying their guns like a scepter of joy and glory.
They fall with fear and madness in their eyes.

Deep inside your heart, deep inside your mind,
There is blood on this blade, there is blood on your face.
Deep inside your heart, deep inside your mind,
There is fear in your eyes, there is blood in your hands.
Deep inside your heart, deep inside your soul,
There is war outside and you don't even know why.
There is no way out, there's nowhere to hide,
Now's the time for you to get on your knees and pray.

Look at them, there's madness in their eyes
And fear on their face, the fear for losing their lives.
Randomly they shoot in the dark,
Surrounded by the tears, the cries and the fire
While I'm lost with a sword and a feather in my hands.

I shall be the silent witness in the dark.
On the brink of tears, I can see death walking all around.

Now look at the suffering, listen to the cries:
Too late for you to open their eyes!
The core of the problem in their natures lies:
There's war in their hearts, they don't even know why!

Now tell me why I'm here with a feather in my hand.
Tell me why I'm here with a sword in my hand.
O Mothers, how long will you have to cry
With your children dying in your arms?

