[The Ironclad Army continued unleashing a warpath unto their Extropian opposition. What began as the Extropian's "Divine Extermination" had withered to a dwindling war effort. The Extropian soldiers began to see their defeat and retreated to the Azuren Shores, where much
water would serve as ammunition for their ice-shard weaponry. The Ironclad pursued them for the final stand. Who will be victorious?]

This is war!

"Anger turned our flesh to steel, And our hearts have coalesced to fire!
Burning for the infinite light; Extropian life expires!"
- Kale, Dreadnaut Captain

"(Kill them all!) Living lives of crime and hate!
(Kill them all!) Darkness in its purest form!
(Kill them all!) Death will come to disciples of the night!"
- Lux, Ironclad General

"Ironclads, Do not falter!
We were born to be humans! It is our birthright, given to us by God!
You dare to question the reign of God?
Who forged this Earth! Who gave it Order! Meaning! And even Faith,
to thousands of years of humanity!
And it is all now questioned, by You!
My people are now slaughtered, by You!
...An abomination!

We are The Blood! We are God's Right Hand!
And you will never dictate to us how we are to be!"
- Joh, Ironclad King

"Those around me feel pride in our victory, yet I cannot share in their joy.
I see hundreds dead on the ground, bleeding out with what I know is the same blood...
Yet we fight and kill as two forces divided...
Struggling to dominate for our own glory, and not for the greater!
And what is left? What can we call a prize?
We have killed our own kind, for they were too different to unify...
Their loss today will bring revenge, meaning no end to our state of bloodshed!
Our smiles will someday be wiped away with the blood of a fallen brother!"
- Lumo, Enlightened Ironclad

"This is War; Tearing us apart!
Will there be no end?"
- Kruhl, Ironclad General

"Ironclads, Stand strong! Our enemy makes a final stand...
Lives will be lost, but we must hold tight!
Now march forth, and let the blood fly!"
- Kale, Dreadnaut Captain

"Losing my sanity... Hating everything.
My eyes mutate, turning from blue to black; Iris of death!
I have become, the child of hate I try not to be!
I can't take it, this is not me, this is a loss not a victory!
We must turn back!
This is unjust!
Take me away!
We are children of light! How can we fight?
How can we kill our kind?!"
- Terros, Disgruntled Ironclad

"Fret not, your cause is just. This is not murder, this is retribution!
They will retreat, and then we will have our peace!"
- Kale, Dreadnaut Captain

"[You pussy, take a swing at me... Take a swing you pussy!]
For when your lines grow weak... We will... We will...
Send the tremors of all destruction...
To the end of Time and God.
...And God."
- Nirtok, Ironclad Overseer

