[Musik &amp; Lyrik by Vintersorg]

Nordstjärnan vandrar min dunkelblåa vy
Naturen slår på sin harpas strängar
Trollelden skär genom bergluft och sky
Upplyser talhed och spirande ängar

Fångad utav nordens själ, fångad utav nordens själ
Månskensslöjor gyller sagolika landskap
Fångad utav nordens själ, fångad utav nordens själ

En ögonfägnad som väcker minnet
En tjusarkraft som fjättrar sinnet

Morgondimma tågar med dagg i förbund
Smyger sakta fram under fäders granar
Den frommaste drömsyn vid sikttändarns lund
I jordens märg nu källorna manar

Fångad utav nordens själ, fångad utav nordens själ
Månskensslöjor gyller sagolika landskap
Fångad utav nordens själ, fångad utav nordens själ

Synvidden blidkade min sorgtyngda håg
När jag furstliga fjällvärlden såg

[English translation:]

Captured By The Spirit Of The North

The North Star wanders my gloom-blue view
Nature hits on the strings of her harp
The magic fire cuts through mountain air and sky
Illuminates pine moor and sprouting meadows

Captured by the spirit of the north, captured by the spirit of the north
Veils of moonshine gilds tale-like landscapes
Captured by the spirit of the north, captured by the spirit of the north

A delight for the eye that wakes the memory
An enchanting power that fetters the mind

The morning mist marches in union with dew
Moves slowly forward under fathers' spruces
The most gentle dream sight at the grove of the end of sight
In the marrow of the earth the springs now call

Captured by the spirit of the north, captured by the spirit of the north
Veils of moonshine gilds tale-like landscapes
Captured by the spirit of the north, captured by the spirit of the north

The sight appeased my sorrowfilled mind
When I saw the princely mountain world

1. An older name for Sweden.
2. Odin.
3. Assuming that "fimbul" refers to the "fimbulvinter", which is the name of the three year long wither that precedes Ragnarök. It is also used to describe a particular harsh winter.
4. A creature from Scandinavian folklore.

Guest Musicians:
Vargher - Keymaster
Cia Hedmark - Vocals on "Isjungfrun" &amp;
"Fångad Utav Nordens Själ"
Andreas Frank - Lead guitars on "För Kung och
Fosterland" &amp; "Asatider"
Nisse Johansson - Additional keys

Thanks to jussimikkonen for sending track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to qudeid for correcting track #4 lyrics.


