A peacock rests alone in the vitreous valley
With an innocent pose like it does not know
On its featheres ventaglia thousands of eyes
Empty since the end of oracles

Clouds create a hollow pillow
For sleepy heads to rest
By denying to submit to the whims
Of their unstable paterns, I glide above them all

Heaven below

Light as a thought, dropping the weight of milleniums
How far can once reach
The answer depends on who this one is
How far can one extend
As far as his limits go...
[Solo: Chris]

Heaven below

...The wheel is in motion. Futures await to be experienced. With bravery
some try to rule them. Others in awe avoid to imagine them. But behold, an
eclipse withholds the sun. Long enough for a schism to appear between the
worlds. An opportunity for the tentacled ophidian servants to extend
outwards and silence the reverberating invocation of a mesmeric name. It
belonged to none as none could ever claim it but its gift was true, a chain
for a chain. At last, now, in lines of genetic fluid, memories can flow in
all directions. Celebrating dionysiac mysteries with phallic litanies,
until the impulse towards life is no longer labelled sin. Shileded from
guilt and her razored disciples, proud warriors withdraw, exhausted but
smiling, into their private quarters, for a momentary rest behind the
static walls of the AENAON fortress. Built in a circular mode, it spreads
around the all, absorbing dimension of Tartarus, as the crown around the
head of an all demanding monarch. Many are searching for its
location. Waiting for ladders made of golden lightnings to be thrown down
from passing clouds. Yet most of them were longing for a final destination
while what they were finding ahead was one more step. With a each step a
different view of the cosmos. Microcosmos and macrocosmos, just different
names of infinity, leaving one amazed by the number of directions
available. Blessed be the name of geometry, for she embodies order itself,
dividing the comsic map into segments of dark corners so that they cast an
invitation to places where creatures of myth dwell. The roads once crossed
by magicians and shamans are open as if they had were never been
closed. Leaving heaven below there is a whole night at hand. There is
majesty and enchantment the wheel seemingly completes a turn only to be
reformed. Once again motion...

Recorded and mixed at Praxis Studio in October/November 1996
Engineered by Lambros Sfuris
Produced by Septic Flesh and Lambros Sfuris
Executive production by Holy Records

Music by Sotiris except on:
On the Topmost Step of the Earth by Sotiris and Spiros,
razor Blades of Guilt by Spiros,
Tartarus, Microcosmos and Enchantment by Chris.
Lyrics by Sotiris copyright of Eclipse Music.
Drums by Kostas (session)
Painting by Spiros Antoniou
Photos by Tsiappas
Layout by Holy Records


