Driven by hatred, repulsion boils up
Direct it towards the plague of the earth
The need for the massacre has fully set in
The rotten part is in control, enthralled by disgust

Time to take the next step, what rules should apply?
Time to find a new prey, will I be able to decide?

The hunt has commenced
Seeking out my prey

Hiding in the back. Lurking in the dark
Keeping out of sight. Pot a victim soon
Closing in on it. Sneaking up on her
Feels me coming near. Panic's setting in
Heart is beating fast. Rigid from the fright

Kick her down, shut her up, drag her to my nest
By the time she wakes up everything is dark
Strapped down hard to a chair in a filthy cell

She's fighting violently, screaming profanities,
cursing at my name, irritate my mind
Getting on my nerves, spitting in my face
Makes me burst out with hysteric madness

She will die

By my blade. Take her life. Strike her down. Make her bleed
Hit her hard. Force her down. On her knees. Make her plead
Weeping, crying, moaning, screaming, begging for her life
Break her bones. Hear them snap. See her pain. Make me laugh
Cut some more. See the flesh. Blood is shed. Filthy whore
Fighting, spitting, twitching, struggling, trying to get free

This is not enough, not enough to please, not enough for me
Must increase the dose of this brutality to satisfy my needs

The bitch is screaming in excessive pain
Begging for forgiveness in hope to save her soul
The desperate look of trepidation fuels my hate
Builds up my need to aggravate her situation

Grab a sharpened knife, cutting off her heel, unable to walk
Loosing all the ropes, she falls to the floor
Now she starts to crawl, trying to escape
Laughing at this whore, bleeding on the floor, reaching for the door
With a kick to her face, I stop her lame attempt
She regurgitates, choking on her blood

By my blade. Take her life. Strike her down. Make her bleed
Hit her hard. Force her down. On her knees. Make her plead
Weeping, crying, moaning, screaming, begging for her life
Break her bones. Hear them snap. See her pain. Make me laugh
Cut some more. See the flesh. Blood is shed. Filthy whore
Fighting, spitting, twitching, struggling, trying to get free

The glimpse in her eyes has now disappeared, she has given up
No struggle, no noise, no movement, no spark,
no will to live on

Suddenly all this behaviour seems insane
What am I doing? Hesitates
A suddenweep brings me back
Fuck this bitch, she will die

