Listen to the story of a man with dream
And a need to act like a God
"No one in this world should never have to die!"
A poor mans words with a mad mans mind
His brother he was born the day his mother passed away
A tragedy that made him see there's more to life
For everyone who wish to live their lives eternally
His passion for science will be their victory
When the lightning strikes he knows...

"Far away, beyond our dreams the knowledge to create a life, or so it seems, is not so distant for me"

He travelled across black oceans and seas for death
and a reason why
Why we only receive one chance in this life
Forgotten his world, his sister and wife
A chance to make a man come back to life, oh what a deed
The finest brain, a dead mans hand is all he need
And when the lightning strikes he will have
To make a stand, revive a murdered soul is for
The demons and the damned

Run away, run away! The madness in your eyes they say:
"From this day I have no longer a soul"
Fading out from this place inside your head you're
Full of rot and disgrace because tonight you will try
"Tonight I will try..."

Pull up, dragging him up, high into the sky
Voices telling you it's time to stop this madness now
Before it's too late!
Creatures come to life again, a walking abomination
He ran for his life when the creature
Appeared right before him
Now he could see what a horrible terror
He brought to this world
Trying to forget it all, now he's heading home
Across the oceans to his love and family
But danger lies behind the shadows
When he comes to shore
A creature with vengeance in mind like never before

Melodies in the night reminds the creature of
His life in the past when he took many lives
The need to kill, the need for pain from others
Coming back again to his mind
Now his master will pay
First when his brother was gone his father went down
Then they found him with no life at all
The sorrow and pain, the question remain:
Who took his brother away?

"I've created a life!
I've created a monster of death! Oh, no!"

1000 miles he will walk, he stands before the hands of God
Now the ice will break and down, down he'll fall
Far away beyond our dreams the knowledge
To create a life, or so it seems, were not so distant for him
Melodies in the night reminds him of his life in the past
Now the tears made him see
Don't run away, don't run away!
The madness in his eyes will fade on this day
For he have created a soul
Fading out from this place without have given him a name
But for one he have created a new world
He showed him a new world...

Tommy ReinXeed ‒ Vocals, Guitars, Keyboards, Orchestration
Alex Oriz ‒ Guitars, Vocals (backing)
Alfred Fridhagen ‒ Drums
Chris David ‒ Bass, Vocals (backing)


