[Of Elder Creation]
Of the first disobedience of the elder... 
It was Tiamat who bore them 
Upon the seas of Absu they surged 
By their rebellion abode in the heavens 
Of ages they grew in bearing and age 
Beware of Anu who begat Enki 
Their waters as one water 
Called by name and of shape 
Their doings were loathsome unto the ancient ones. 

[Return to the Lore]
For many an age Marduk ruled the throne of heaven 
Ye the blood of Absu cries out to the abode of vengeance 
From the blood of Kingu Marduk fashioned men as gods. 

Insurgence! They are the lost ones. 
From a time before time 
Of a place beyond the stars 
From an age when Anu walked the earth 
We have felt the wrath of the ancient ones 
We are from a race beyond the wanderers of night... 
Beneath the seas of the Earth, calm but thunderous 
Tiamat called from her slumber, Barra Xul! 

The cold and the rain erode all things 
A plague of the gods upon men of earth 

Of the rising of the elders 
Upon the throne of Marduk 
From the calm seas they surged forth 
To slay the iniquitous sons of Tiamat 
They take to the heavens 
Their eyes burning with the malice of ages 
They are the children of the underworld 
Men laid to waste in their path 
The realm of man consumed 

The dead hath risen to destroy the living 
Marduk sits in wait armed with contempt 
Shadows, the burning shadows of war 
Filled with an evil emotion sounds the call 
Faceless and wraithlike they rode to the heavens 
To disperse the limbs of Marduk upon the seas 
The eye upon the throne is opened, dark waters stirred... 

[Confrontation and Decimation]
I call forth the name of Marduk 
Lest he hear my speech upon his throne 
We speak to thee terms of war 
Lay down your will or be slain from the skies, 

"It is i Cthulu who beckons you Marduk.. Submit or face my wrath!" 

"I bow to none, god Cthulu.. Let us make war!" 

Thus the heavens shook with the thunder of war 
Such that the Earth split upon its core and was torn asunder 

[The Espousing Blackness]
As a binding of light, time became frozen as the northern seas 
Unto a place where no space could exist Marduk and Cthulu were awakened from destruction. As unto their ears a voice spake.. I am the watcher of
watchers, surveyor of all things... 
Elder god Marduk, Ancient one Cthulu.. Your time has ended upon the black earth.. Your war hath brought destruction upon the universe. This has been the
end of all things. Nothing exists of what you once fought so wantonly for.. Your immortal lives have come to end. Stoop down, unto the darkly shining
abyss.. Dead and no longer dreaming..




