My te kto atstranyajet razum litya na vily nenavisti, zveri
Zhizn’ drugova nichivo ni stoit jesli uzhe ubil ijo f sebie
Chornyje vrata atkryty dlya teh kto zhelal byt’ nesudimym zdes’
Fse jediny nafsegda astanetes’, nafsegda
Zdes’ ad dlya teh kto uzrel no nie pazhelal izmenit’
Volya i ches’t’ tiper’ gnijut, sovis’t’ pazryvajet tibya f kloch’ja
Muki vechnyje ne umiret’ zdes' zhertva preispodnej manastyrya
Mes’t’ za mes’t’ vechnaja uchest’

AD JES’T’ SATANA!

Ad jes’t’ zdes’ sovis’t’ jes’t’ ad zdes’
Fsyo zlo zhivyot f tibie i ty boh v katorava very net
Ty ubijca patom zhertva, sotsium jedinstva ne paznal vazvyol ad
Gnief parazhdal pichal’ i da gala razdel
Gryaz’ ne skryt’ tibye, gryaz’ ne skryt’, net
Ad sazdal paradil jivo fsyu rat’
My voiny etoj rati shto zhazhdut ubivat’
Ad sazdal paradil jivo fsyu rat’
Tsel’ naplevat’, smert’ parazhdat’
Sozdal ad, paradil jivo fsyu rat’, naplevat’
Ad sazdal paradil jivo fsyu rat’
Tsel’ naplevat’, smert’ parazhdat’
Sozdal ad, paradil jivo fsyu rat’, naplevat’

[English translation:]

We're the ones who dismisses mind! Flying on the fork of hate! Beasts!
The life of another is worthless if it's already killed a
Black gates open to those who wished to be tried here,
All united forever stay! Ever!
Here hell for those who saw, but did not want to change.
Will the honor and now the rot! Conscience is tearing you to shreds.
Suffering eternal. Do not die here! The victim of the underworld monastery
Revenge for revenge, consider the eternal!
Hell is Satan!
Hell is here
Conscience! Hell is here!
All evil lives in you, and you're a god in whom is no faith!
You're a murderer, then the victim
Social unity does not know
He constructed hell! Anger gave rise to grief and goals section!
Dirt does not hide dirt you do not hide, no
Hell created, spawned his entire army!
We are soldiers of the armies of that thirst for murder!
Hell created, spawned his entire army!
The goal spit death generate!
Created hell spawned his entire army! To hell!
Hell created, spawned his entire army!
The purpose of spit, produce death!
Created hell spawned his entire army! To hell!

