Stradanije! Vremya panyat’ razdilenija jedinstva
My f poiskah fsej pravdy, no vryom drug drugu v litso
Chilavek kak slova v knige davno uzhe mirtvo
No astavajas’ v drugih planah mnagamierna
Izvrat prishol va vlas’t’ on znajet shto my raby
Raby umof slipije zveri drazhaschije at straha
My proklyali sibya i predali i net u nas uchenija lyubvi
My astajomsya glupymi, my haatichna sazdajom shto nepodvlasna nam
Kantrolyu i hodim na tsepi u nezhyvoj talpy
Ty razrushil svoj mir, pragnil s jedra kipyaschej krasnaj lavy
Da bal’noj zimnoj kary
Ty pragnil s nog da galavy s kipyaschej krasnaj krovi
Da seraj niezhivoj talpy
Ty pragnil
Stradanije parazhdajet krizis tvajej dejstvitel’nasti
Privadya tibya k bezumstvu i smerti, no tol’ka istinyje bogi
F silah asaznat’ zhizn’ kak savershenstva i kantraliravat’ ijo
Zhyvi ili umri
Izvrat prishol va vlas’t’ on znajet shto my raby zhyvyje
My f poiskah stradanija, my f poiskah chumy
My proklyali sibya i predali i net nam apravdanija
Sijchas my patiryali uvazhenije k sibie
I nashi znanija zhazhdut razdilenija
Jedinstva patiryala smysl bytija suschestvavanija Yeah!
My proklyali sibya i predali i net nam apravdanija
Nashi znanija zhazhdut razdilenija jedinstva pateryala smysl bytija
Izvrat prishol va vlas’t’ on znajet shto my raby
Raby umof raby talpy
My proklyali sibya i predali i my f poiskah chumy
My proklyaty sdes’ sgareli fse masty

[English translation:]

Suffering!
Time to understand the division of unity!
We are searching for the truth, but at each other's faces.
Man as a word in a book has long been dead,
But leave the other plans is multidimensional.
Pervert came to power,
He knows that we are slaves,
Slaves minds blind beasts trembling with fear.
We cursed himself and betrayed,
And we do not have the doctrine of love,
We remain stupid! We randomly create,
Which is not subject to our control
And go on the circuit in non-live crowd!
You ruined my world, rotten to the core boiling red lava
Before the patient of the crust you rotten from head to toe
With boiling blood red to gray not live crowd you rotten
Suffering generates a crisis of your reality,
Takes you to the madness or death,
But the only true Gods in power to recognize life as goodness, and control it!
Live or die!
Pervert came to power!
He knows that we are slaves!
Live
We are in search of the suffering,
We are searching for the plague!
We cursed himself and betrayed,
And there is no justification for us
Now we have lost self-respect,
And our knowledge crave separation!
Unity has lost the meaning of life, the existence!
Eee!
We cursed himself and betrayed, and there is no justification for us!
Our knowledge crave separation!
Unity has lost the meaning of life!
Pervert came to power,
He knows that we are slaves
Slaves minds slaves crowd!
We cursed himself and betrayed, we are in search of a plague!
We are damned, here we burned all the bridges!

