In a vaporous world - an appearance so bright
where the people are blurred and hard to visualise
In inscrutable lands with asynchronous time
we are living alone and still dehumanised

In invisible realms just sporadically clear
see us huddled in peace so inconspicuously
In a region of mind where comparisons fail
we are leading our lives ...

Different faces on the other side in our artificial paradise
In a world full of fates and illusions - do you see them?

Through emotional states - with a mask made of ice
Where the bridges yet fade and where the tears have dried
Here the values have changed with the light, actually pale
Here we're leading our life ...

Different faces on the other side in our artificial paradise
In a world full of fates and illusions do we see them?

Here – you can believe me! – yeah, here the world is made of gold with
promises so bright Here it is so easy and here we just forget ourselves
that´s why we feel alright ... Here – we can´t deny it! – yeah, here we
close our eyes and keep the distance day and night Here – why should we
hide it? – yes, here we can enjoy the time and rather feel alright ...
Here we`ll keep our secrets – yeah, here`s the land of milk and honey
where the spirits fly Here – without a regret – yes here we drink our
souls and though we flee we feel alright ...

Suddenly for a short glimpse of time – did you realise?
Full of life – so sincere!
Suddenly from the glance and the warmth in those eyes
And the answer was so clear
Faces within a cold, they rise - Breaking the envelopes of ice
See how the silhouettes of life finally fade ...

Evacuate identities until we leave us incognito
Without pain but gradually we vanish in insensitivity
Naturalised narcotic dreams they supersede us numb and restless
Paralysed cosmetic queens within a surgical and stiff parade

Like jigsaw pieces try in vain to release our face, but we hide the
trace to please - with an apathy - the wish to increase isolation
in an irritating clean and an oh so gracious anonymity!
So there are no surprises in a space full of lies too cold - just erase
the hope to fight hypocritical ideas, to release the feelings we need
to escape our fucking precious anonymity!

What do we keep in our heads? What do we need in our minds?
Will we succeed and regret or will we become dumb and blind?

Emphasise eventually our superficial generation
Affluent society may - without doubts - tend to neglect their force
Decadence, mistrust and pride begin to drown our civilisation
But human on the other side and rather individual, indeed

Like jigsaw pieces try in vain to release our face, but we hide the
trace to please - with an apathy - the wish to increase isolation
in an irritating clean and an oh so gracious anonymity!
So there are no surprises in a space full of lies too cold -
just erase the hope to fight hypocritical ideas, to release the feelings
we need to escape our fucking precious anonymity!

What do we keep in our heads? What do we need in our minds?
Will we succeed and regret or will we become dumb and blind?

Do we see them? Do we see the other side?
Do we see them? Do we know what we deny?




