Fifteen years have passed
Every day the woods have cried
the words of vengeance and revenge.
The Gods have watched him day and night
by the Northern stars bright light.
Growing stronger. Coming nearer.

Upon a steed as white as snow
he is riding through this land of no return
His hair blowing in the wind
A sword in his hand.
And his eyes they burn.

Guide me, my Ravens. Find the way
through the woods and snow

Let your eyes be mine seeking for the valley of death
Come this far, I am willing to face the twin-headed beast's breath

Let your wings be my heart
in the air, black as night.
I have steel at side.  Powers of thunder
The Gods with me ride

I trust in my ravens, watching from above
Black as night. Swift as lightning,
and graceful as doves.

I trust in my Stallion. Born by the wind,
Taking me through the valley
where this world ends, and the shadows begin

I trust in my sword. Forged in fire and ice.
It's sharp blade shall be baptised in blood
as I take the Beast's life.

Cry, old crow, cry...
Come out of the darkness you beast of Hell, face me.
Out on this field of moonlit snow.
I will not be deterred by your ugliness.
Before my sword your two heads will roll.

I will not let my sword rest until it's steel
has song for your ugly twin heads.
I'll wipe the sweat off my face with your bloody scalps
and watch your four eyes telling me that you're dead.

Gathering speed. Charging forward.
collision is close now.
The swords are drawn, held high.
they flash in the pale blue moonlight.

aiming at throats bare. The moment is so near
The time seems to halt for a while
Even the stars in the sky hold their breath

This is the moment of glory or death...

The moment to maim or to be put to rest...

So close now I almost can hear the black blood
in the beast's thick veins pumping.
I am swinging my sword. May the Gods be with me.

I ride out through the vast portals of Hel.
I swing my sword in the air.
And the dead beast's two bloody scalps attached to a spear.

Now is come the moment for me to set free
those, a long time ago, brought far north
by the twin-headed beast.

On that daybreak when the old crow did cry...

That hard winter when I, still a child...
By my Father was told of a hall way above the clouds,
Gates open wide for the one who dies with sword in hand.

All words and music (c) by Quorthon.
Produced by Quorthon and BOSS.

- Quorthon's sleeve notes for "Blood On Ice" -

Blood  on  Ice  is  a legend among those who  have  followed  us
throughout  the years. Never permitted to forget about its  existence,
constantly  reminded of it as I was by all the tens  of  thousands  of
letters  from  our fans that I've received throughout the  years  ever
since  I breathed about it in the press some years ago, Blood  on  Ice
seemed a very difficult piece of gravel to get out of my shoe.

It  seemed  to  all  these thousands  of  fans  and  fanzines  a
frustrating  fact that we could let a complete epic-type of  a  theme-
album  collect  dust on a shelf. The truth is it was, of  course,  far
from  that  complete, ready-to-be-released epic creation of  a  theme-
album it was made out to be.

Blood  on  Ice was an hour long of material recorded during  the
same circumstances that four of our albums were recorded... that is on
equipment  hailing from the late 60s, early 70s and using  a  14-track
demo-style mixing table of home made-fashion (in reality 12-tracks due
to  the  fact the table itself didn't have any effects of  its  own  -
hence  two tracks were used for echoes etc. mind you, sometimes tracks
on  that old made tape-machine we used just wouldn't work from one day
to  another). This private demo-studio was seldom, if ever,  used  for
anything serious other than BATHORY and occasionally up until '87 (but
all the time after that) it was actually working as a garage (which in
fact is just what it was to begin with) and not only used car parts be
stored  there, but the damn place would function as a repair  shop  in
between the recording of Blood Fire Death and Hammerheart (and as such
all the time when the latter was recorded)...

Oh, those were the days...

The  size  of  the room where we would 'pile' our amplifiers  up
against the wall (if we're talking the first album, that's plugging in
my  shitty little 20w Yamaha amp, mind you) and where we would rig  up
our drums, was not large enough to allow us to record, say, the guitar
and  the  drums or the bass and the drums at the same time (hence  the
use  of  clique-track on most of our albums). More than  once  a  very
primitive, not even a second generation drum machine had to be used to
replace the snare-drum due to the poor sound quality. When we did  the
first album we didn't even have a complete drum kit but worked with  a
snare drum, a ride cymbal and a bass drum only.

Working with such a comparatively limited number of tracks meant
that  an instrument and a sound effect such as thunder, wind or church
bell  or  whatever, could occupy one single track. This became routine
when   our   music  developed  and  became  more  and  more  arranged,
incorporating stuff like harmony backing vocals and acoustic  guitars.
At  times a track could host the acoustic guitar that started  a  song
off  only to some moments later feature a doomsday type of drum in the
choirs or whatever, maybe paired with a clap of thunder or some  other
type  of sound effect. Then a guitar-solo would usually follow  before
that acoustic guitar would end the song. Of course very primitive  and
sometimes  extremely frustrating as each instrument  or  sound  effect
would have to have its own particular sound (and volume level) meaning
that  the  Eq's and effects as well as level would have to be switched
(by  hand  in those days) while the whole thing was run down onto  the
quarter-inch master tape (and this is just talking one single track on
one song - there could be five or six tracks on a song that had to  be
taken  care of in the same way - simultaneously!). Screw up.  And  you
would have to do it all over again. Many times we just left things  as
they  were because we couldn't care less about fuck-ups at that  stage
of  the  recording process. These small 'errors' are there every  time
that I listen to a Bathory track and not only will the 'studio-artist'
in  me  concentrate on picking them out and get upset about them,  but
the metal-fan within is never allowed to simply sit down and enjoy the
stuff like so many others.

Many times the recording room would be occupied by more or  less
usable  parts  of old Porsche-cars to such an extent that  we  had  to
record  those  lead  vocals, backing vocals or an acoustic  guitar  in
every  possible confined area such as a bathroom, the cleaning cabinet
or,  if  possible, any small unoccupied area in the actual   recording
room  that  was just large enough to stand when doing your  vocals  or
where  you  could  place a chair for sitting down with  your  acoustic
guitar.

I  remember vividly one moment in June '89 when we came down the
Heavenshore Studio to record the material for what was to be the album
Hammerheart. The whole place had not only been stripped of  everything
that  functioned  as sound isolation, but the whole place  was  filled
with  a  three foot thick layer of coarse gravel (to be flattered  and
covered  with a layer of  asphalt any day now we were promised).  When
we  recorded  the  drums, the kit would have  to  be  placed  any  way
possible  on top of that undulating landscape of coarse gravel,  which
only  just  reminded me of the Sahara desert. And as  if  that  wasn't
enough,  there  were no lights in the studio. We had to  use  a  small
table-lamp to be able to see anything at all. Don't ask me how we  did
it, but somehow we did just that.

To  this day I wonder if these circumstances haven't contributed
just  a bit to our 'sound' in those days. Just  imagine all those  car
doors, hub caps and assorted  odd pieces rattling along. I recall when
recording Hammerheart, working around these ordeals in a rather casual
way:  when  I was sitting down doing the acoustic intro for  Valhalla,
how  the  neighbours' motorized lawnmover would find its way onto  the
two-inch tape, sort of taking the Viking or barbarian atmosphere  away
just  a bit. The recording room itself had been soundproof before  the
whole  place was literally torn apart to be transferred into a  repair
shop,  so I was now sitting in this cleaning cabinet while the asphalt
was  setting in, and the cabinet with its paper thin walls was  surely
anything  but soundproof. If this makes you drop your chin  from  pure
amazement,  wait  until you hear about the lead  vocals  done  in  the
bathroom.

Few   bands,  if  any,  would  accept  to  record  under  these
circumstances, I'm sure, and even our patience could be pushed to  the
limits  occasionally. But still today, when even the most ill-sounding
black  or  death  type of bands have access to the  very  most  modern
recording   techniques,  using  todays  DATs   and   computer   mixing
possibilities, I'm not sure whether I really would have wanted to miss
out  on those days. It is with a great big fat smile that I look  back
on  those  days  when  I could stand knee-deep  in  either  hub  caps,
packages of washing powder or even laundry while doing my lead  vocals
or  an  acoustic guitar intro, usually with my arms and  legs  wrapped
around  broomsticks, pipes or hoses, while worrying about whether  the
neighbour's lawnmover, a bypassing car, an airliner or just a dripping
toilet  would find its way onto the tape too much. This certified  but
charming hell is forever after immortalised as the Heavenshore Studio,
the  very place where Bathory, Under the Sign..., Blood Fire Death and
Hammerheart  were recorded... and the original material which  lay  as
the  base for Blood on Ice as well. Especially charming is it that not
only  is Heavenshore Studio a legendary place among our fans and known
to  most  folks with at least one foot within extreme metal,  but  the
studio as such just doesn't exist anymore other than in the form of  a
private  garage  in  a  residential  area  in  a  southern  suburb  to
Stockholm.

Recorded not only during these circumstances but also in a  sort
of  half-hearted way, I was amazed, when listening to the tapes  again
all  these  years  later, that the material even held together.  Half-
hearted  in the sense that we were not too damn sure about  the  great
stuff  in  going  onto  a  Viking styled  concept-album  after  having
produced  such wonderful mother-of-all-evil slab of satanic shit  like
our  second album The Return... (from January'85... and mind you, once
labeled  as  the  most  evil  album ever released...  incredible  what
liberal amounts of Swedish vodka and some distorted guitars really can
accomplish). Going from stuff like the demons of hell etc. To an  all-
and-all-out  Viking styled concept-album based on a self-written  saga
containing swords and muscles and snow soaked in blood (and who  knows
what  else...), in other words, stuff quite a bit far away  from  good
ol' Antichrist and his grandma, was quite a big step to take.

I'm  astonished when thinking back, realizing not only  was  the
material  that forms the base for this album laid onto tape in  pieces
where one song would feature a single rough guitar and a monotone drum
beat and another would have been worked on a little more, including  a
bass  and  even  vocals,  but  all the more  astonishing  is  it  that
virtually  all of the original material for Blood on Ice was  recorded
not only in between albums (Blood Fire Death and Hammerheart) but some
of  this  material  was  worked on even during the  recording  of  the
Hammerheart album. The original Blood on Ice material was worked on in
the studio over a period of one and a half years.

The  confusion and the element of distraction of working on  the
'real'  albums at the same time as we were trying to find out  whether
Bathory  and  a theme album really was such a good combination  really
should  have  made  the original Blood on Ice material  sound  like  a
mishmash,  but  when listening to the stuff all over again  after  all
these  years,  I  was taken by surprise how good  some  of  the  stuff
actually  was,  making me all the more convinced that maybe  I  should
spend some time giving this material a touch up and a patch job.

So what was the 'soul' of Blood on Ice'? It actually started with
the  decline  of enthusiasm for yet another full length  album  packed
with  screams of satan etc., and all this due to the fact that I  came
to  the personal conclusion that this whole satanic bit was a fake:  A
hoax  created  by  another  hoax  - the  Christian  church,  the  very
institution and way of life that we wanted to give a nice big fat ball
breaker of a kick, by picking up the satanic and occult topics in  our
lyrics,  in  the first place. It's not easy coming out of  school  and
starting  a  band  at  the  age of fifteen and  lacking  the  sort  of
experiences  that  great metal lyrics seemed to be made  of,  such  as
striding  a  Harley going down the highway doing 120  and  fondling  a
babe's tits while drinking from a bottle of whiskey, like all the  big
bands  seemed  to  do it. And what the hell... you gonna  write  songs
about something, right!?

And  so  there  was  this  thing  created  by  the  church  (or
Christianity, if you like) to herd the terrified world into  its  arms
(and cathedrals). A thing like the satanic or occult dish is bound  to
work  well  as a bad motherfucker or main ingredient for your  lyrics.
Usually  old  gods and religions were turned into bad  ones,  and  the
Christian  image  of  a  bad  anti-god was  swiftly  accepted  by  the
uneducated  mobs of eleventh century Europe (it's really amazing  what
we  are  prepared to accept and do when facing the sword held  in  one
hand  and  the crucifix in the other, as well as facing the danger  of
missing  out on that eternal life-trip up there... but then  there  is
always that forgive-you-all type, so I guess a little bit of sin can't
be too bad after all). Nevermind. This personal conclusion of mine had
me set my mind on finding other stuff to use when writing material for
future Bathory albums.

Since I am an avid fan of history, the natural step would be  to
find  something in history that could replace a thing  like  the  dark
(not  necessarily always the evil) side of life (and death). And  what
could  be  more simple and natural than to pick up on the Viking  era.
Great era, and great material for metal lyrics. Being Swedish and all,
having a personal relation to, and linked by blood to, that era at the
same  time  as  it  was  a,  if  not a  well-known,  so  at  least  an
internationally infamous moment in history, I sensed that here I  just
might  have something. Especially well suited was it since it  was  an
era that reached its peak just before the Christian circus came around
northern  Europe and Sweden in the tenth century, establishing  itself
as the dictatorial way of life and death.

And so that satan and hell type of soup was changed for proud and
strong nordsmen, shiny blades of broadswords, dragon ships and a party-
'til-you-puke type of living up there in the great halls...  an  image
of  my  ancestors and that era not too far away from the  romanticised
and,  to a great extent, utterly wrong image most people have of  that
period in time through countless Hollywood productions etc.

When  I  grew up there were two comic magazines one  read  every
week. One being a horror type of mag called Chock (in the same vein as
say, Tales from the Crypt). The other one was Savage Sword of Conan or
Conan  the  Barbarian. Having grown up reading Chock,  I  was  already
nourished  with a great well of inspiration when stuff for  the  first
triple set of albums were written (no serious reading of the so-called
black bible here, oh no... not even the blue, yellow or even the  pink
one either, mind you). Now the world of swords and swelling muscles of
Conan  worked pretty well as an inspiration source when I was  writing
what was to be the material that ended up on Blood Fire Death and to a
certain  extent maybe even on Hammerheart, the latter being, actually,
a  compromise,  having rejected the idea of a concept-album  as  being
something  too far fetched, an album that instead would deal  only  in
general  with the Viking era but enough to at least satisfy ourselves,
was  regarded  as  a  good solution and bit of  a  compromise  and  so
Hammerheart was born.

I  was  also a long time fan of the life and works  of   Richard
Wagner,  addicted to his operas and aware of what he read when finding
inspiration  for them, I turned to the same books and legends.  As  it
turned  out,  I  was  borrowing liberally from both  Scandinavian  and
Germanic  mythology. Ingredients like Mjolner -  the  hammer  of  Tor,
Sleipner  -  the ieght legged stallion of Oden, as well as  Hugin  and
Munin - his ravens, all became important subjects of inspiration  when
I  started to write the Saga of Blood on Ice. From the works of Wagner
I more or less stole the legend of Siegfried and the dying gods of the
Gotterdammerung, as well as the sword Notung.

At  this stage, even as the saga was coming together, I had  not
yet  thought about putting music to it or cutting it down into  rhythm
and  rhyme. Blood on Ice was still just a story I had written  for  my
own  pleasure. Realizing, of course, the potential in the story for  a
great  epic-type of a metal album, the transformation from  a  private
saga to what you now hold in your hands was not too far away once  the
idea had crossed my mind.

So  why was the whole thing aborted to begin with and that at  a
stage  when we had even bothered to start to record the basic  tracks,
some  even featuring vocals? Well we probably weren't too sure whether
this  really was such a good idea to begin with. It had only been  two
years since The Return... when I started to write Blood on Ice in saga
format,  and  the  fanzines  were  still  referring  to  us  as   that
"...satanic  band from Sweden...". Even as I was putting down  guitars
for  some  of these tracks back in '89 I would still receive fan  mail
from  all  over the world asking me if those rumours about  me  eating
infant  babies,  drinking angels' blood and living in  a  satanic  (!)
bat's  cave  in the north of Sweden really were true. And  man...  I'm
telling 'ya... judging from how they came across in their letters, not
to  mention  all those inverted crosses and magical symbols  they  had
drawn  all  over the pages in presumably their own blood... they  were
really knee-deep into that shit... I ain't kidding.

Even  though we had done things since The Return..., stuff  like
'Enter  the Eternal Fire' or 'Call from the Grave' and would do things
like  'A Fine Day to Die', 'Odens Ride over Nordland' and 'Blood  Fire
Death',  stuff that guaranteed no one could ignore the fact  that  new
frontiers were being explored both musically and lyricly, an  all-and-
all-out theme-album might just prove too far, too deep, too big a step
to  take and maybe too hard to handle for someone out there who  might
just  be able to afford only one or two albums a month. Those dollars,
pounds,  marks  or kronor might just as well be spent on  a  safe  bet
rather  than on a theme album by an already narrow band like  Bathory.
And  remember,  we  are talking '88-'89 here, times  when  bands  like
Bathory  not necessarily would be released on the then new CD  format.
Blood on Ice on vinyl would have meant a double album. As if the whole
project  wasn't swaying already... here was another grain of  salt  in
its wounds to prevent it from becoming reality, it seemed.

With all this in mind, no wonder the thought of spending all this
time  and  all this money all these years later in a modern  expensive
studio  putting  all  these  pieces together  into  a  releasable  and
representable CD never crossed my mind when people asked me about  it.
Until  the  day  came when I dug that cassette up  and  was  taken  by
surprise...

If I hadn't been constantly reminded of Blood on Ice when I read
fan  mail or was doing interviews with fanzines and magazines,  either
personally  or  over the phone, I am sure that in the future  I  would
probably  only think of Blood on Ice as a birthday present  you  never
unwrapped  or  a girl you never nailed. That is, something  that  just
didn't   happen.  But  the  underground  movement  should   never   be
underestimated  as a contact net. From the time I had  breathed  about
Blood on Ice, sometime in '89 very little time passed before piles  of
fan  mail  regarding Blood on Ice would start to drop  in.  Especially
intensive was the campaign to have me release Blood on Ice when I  was
traveling around Europe for a month telling folks why there was a solo
album  out. That European promo-trip and long conversations  with  all
sorts  of  people not only made me think about Blood  on  Ice  with  a
different  attitude, but everybody seemed to know about its  existence
anyway,  as  well  as urging me on to release it. There  were  moments
however,  when  fans would gather around me and with almost  tears  in
their eyes, tell me about how much Bathory had meant to them, as  well
as  filling me in on that revival things and what Bathory has meant to
a  whole generation of fans and bands in terms of inspiration  etc.  I
think it's safe to say that I started to rethink and refuel.

After Twilight of the Gods and celebrating ten years on record by
releasing  two Jubileum CDs instead of a more expensive and cumbersome
double-monster,  I  had  found  myself  out  of  ideas   and   totally
uninterested in loud guitars and that loose subject of "rock'n  roll".
To  make  things a bit worse (!)... from '86 and thereafter, the  only
thing  spinning at my place was classical music in general and  Wagner
and Beethoven particularly.

The solo effort, Album, worked as a sort of therapy. I found the
way back to enjoy playing again. Imagine someone asking you to go into
this studio on your own to spend two weeks in there doing whatever the
shit  you feel like. If you have been tied down something like Bathory
for  ten  years, every single note and word you've done in the  studio
having  to  fit  under a certain umbrella, you're gonna  ask  yourself
"Just  who  the  hell am I?" Especially when a solo  release  is  also
supposed to be a personal effort, you're bloody well intitled to know,
right!? Love it or hate it, but that step aside, that breath of  fresh
air  brought me back to rock'n roll no matter how little or  how  much
"rock'n roll" you can track down in stuff like 'War' or 'Dies Irae'.

Urged on as I had been by those fans talking about the "good ol'
noisy  days", within two weeks after I had returned to Stockholm  from
that  promotion  trip, virtually all the music  for  what  was  to  be
Requiem  had already been written. When Requiem has been recorded  and
mixed,  I  was still running on top gear. That is when the  stuff  for
Octagon was written. The two of them being recorded within six  months
of each other, as well as being released six months after one another,
roughly. This had brought me back on the track again. Having left  off
some  steam, I figured now was the time to earmark the coming  handful
of months for Blood on Ice.

That's  when  I decided to track down a cassette I  knew  I  was
keeping in a plastic bag in a closet. Upon finding it and listening to
it  for the first time in many years, I was, as stated earlier, amazed
it didn't sound too bad. I realized it would take some work to breathe
some  life into it, but I decided to arrange a session in a studio  to
listen  to  the old two-inch tapes that I knew I had stored  somewhere
down my basement.

Ready  to take notes, all levers up so to speak, I was at  first
very  confused. The stuff seemed to be all over the place.  Everything
had  been  recorded on that old 14-track tape machine at  Heavenshore.
While  listening  to  the tapes on a modern 24-track  tape-machine,  a
guitar would "leak" or spread out over three tracks and nothing seemed
to  be where it should be. I realized then that this would take all of
the summer to straighten out.

What we had to do was to separate each and every instrument  and
to  decide whether we should keep a particular piece or not.  Then  we
had  to  transfer it all, instrument by instrument, down onto  another
tape  using a second tape-machine. Now we had all the songs  neat  and
clean down onto two 2-inch 24-track tapes.

Most  songs featured only a rough guitar together with  a  basic
drum beat and occasionally a bass played using chords and that through
a guitar amp if I remember correctly. Only three quarters of the songs
had a vocal track and none featured backing vocals or a lead guitar. I
realized I had to start to rehearse those old guitar riffs again to be
able to lay down a second rhythm guitar right next to the old one.

Secondly a bass, this time lined and played using single  notes,
was  added. The drums was a story of its own. We had to separate  each
part  of the drum kit and then give each and every part a totally  new
sound using a disc from a sound bank as well as correcting a few blows
here and there by a millisecond. Some drum rolls were added live and a
smack  on  the  snaredrum or floor drums would be  enhanced  here  and
there.  Most of the hi-hat and ride were re-recorded using a computer.
To  tighten  the  material further, some songs were speeded  up  about
fifteen per cent to add a flash of modern sound and crunch to them.

Next  in line were lead vocals, something a handful of the songs
actually just didn't have. I had great troubles finding my old lyrics.
A  few  corrections here and there in the story, and all I had  to  do
when  doing  the lead vocals for those songs, as well as  the  backing
vocals, was to place myself before that microphone and imagine  myself
being back at Heavenshore in '88 or '89 when the original material was
recorded. It was actually difficult to change my voice so that  I  was
sounding  late 80s rather than mid 90s, this was, of course, necessary
since I didn't want to ruin the general mood of the material by all of
sudden sounding seven years older.

Now the only thing missing (except for a lead guitar, something I
usually  always put down during a tea-break) were backing vocals.  Now
this  was a field we had pioneered years before on Blood on Ice. Sound
effects followed next. Since it was a theme album, we worked with  the
effects as if it had been a motion picture and not an album. I  wanted
the  listener to feel the frozen wind tearing his face. The  topic  of
the lyrics, the story itself, had to come alive.

After having worked on the project for a month and a half during
the  summer  of '95, from listening through the original  material  to
chosing  what  shit to keep and what shit to scrap, from  transferring
the  usable  bits down onto a second 2-inch, 24-track tape to  picking
the  new  sounds  for  each part of the drum kit,  from  recording  an
additional rhythm guitar and bass right next to the original  ones  to
laying  down lead vocals on the songs that didn't have any,  and  from
working hard with the sound effects and backing vocals to making  sure
we  weren't ruining too much of the original atmosphere, we would  now
let  the whole thing set in for a while. It would be mid February  '96
before  we were able to reassemble, to finally cement it all  together
in the mix.

Once  all of the material had finally been digitally mixed  down
onto  DATs, we all had a feeling of great satisfaction. The fact  that
Blood  on Ice had finally come to life as an end product was a  rather
strange feeling.

Now  that Blood on Ice is finally here, our hopes are  that  you
will  take this souvenir to your hearts. Because that is exactly  what
this  release  is  all  about, a souvenir to all  our  fans  who  have
followed  us throughout the years and who have written to  us  begging
for  this  album to be put into releasable format. Although  it  could
very  well sound embarassingly outdated to some aware of trends,  this
album  nevertheless  deserved  to be released.  This  effort  embodies
everything  that  our mid 80s phase stood for, the so-called  "Viking"
albums.  This album was written and recorded in '88 and '89, completed
in  '95  and mixed and mastered in '96. All in all it captures  pretty
well  what Bathory has been doing in between recording the vinyls  and
compact discs you already have in your collection.

This saga is for you all...

Quorthon, Stockholm 1996


