" I shall create, destroy, deceive upon my seed - If they believe!

Stay with me or you will bleed, I decide who dies!

Keel before the crucifix, give praise to me - Believe!
Raise your child with me in mind, annihilate it's will! " - DEI

Scream at the walls of the universe and evolution roars in receive, disgraced by the deitive
- Mankind's naivity is to blame.

What else are humans than the amount of their thoughts?
...There's still time to rake embers out of the ashes!

Like a fire licking through the grass, you have charred in merciless outrage -
Now, there are dark clouds open wide.

Fear is your shield! Pain is your sword! ...Is your sword... Madness is the whip you swing!

" Crawl to the cross to praise the symbol of deity - Cry for me!

Waves of tears and emotions - I'm a projection of my will in your mind. " - DEI

Pride - Pride,
Envy - Envy,
Lust - Lust,
Wrath, Greed, Sloth, Gluttony.

Humility, Kindness, Chastity, Patience, Liberality, Diligence, Abstinence.

James 1.15
"Then after desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and sin when it is full grown, gives birth to death."

Romans 6.23
"For the wages of sin death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our lord."

Galatians 5.24
"But mark this: There will be terrible times in the last days. People will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, proud, abusive, disobedient to thier parents , ungrateful, unholy, without love, unforgiving, slanderous, without selfcontrol, brutal, not lovers of the good, treacherous, rash, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God."

Like a flower breaking from the ground, you have had your time in the sun -
Now, the harvest season has begun.

Sorrow is your path!
Hate is your trail! ...Is your trail...
Suffering is the track you tread!

"Stay with me or you will bleed, I decide who dies!
Tears of sadness falls from your face and sorrow flows in your veins!

You are fructified by the angels kiss!

I will take your life by lust which is my godly desire! " - DEI

