Phantom limbs arrive,
Binding to me through the artifact infecting flesh.

The glass spawns life,
Amazed as I mutate.
My mind transforms the skin that surrounds me
In grotesque embrace.
What was once locked has now been reopened.
I cant stop morphing.

I have made a new hand,
It can excrete larva from the lost kings constant nightmare.
Unleash.
Exploiting entities released from infinity.
Spew forth insects from my hands portal.
Scarab Beatles scurry out from my palm.
Cloning super-numerary body parts I’ve never needed

Contorting my new limbs into impossible configurations.
I cant stop morphing.

See with six eyes.
Speak with seven tongues.
Hear with nine ears.

My veins swell until they splatter.

Capillaries crawl from my eroded skin like centipedes.
Black-living-sludge.
Animated automatic anatomy attack.
This anomaly intimately integrated into me.
Arms dissecting one another, opening with wicked rigor.

I’ve become a mass of ponderous bulk expanding rapidly.
Self modification propelling my delusion.
Enlarging living tumorous tissue.

Cell mutation becomes addictive.
Insects swarm out of my hand.

Capillaries crawl out of my eroded skin like centipedes.
Black-living-sludge
Animated automatic anatomy attack.
This anomaly intimately integrated into me.
Pulsating fragrant lesions and cysts,
Ripe with the abundant stench of metamorphosis

My mutation infatuation,
(The catalyst.)
To cultivate spontaneous generation.

Animated automatic anatomy attack.

See with six eyes.
Speak with seven tongues.
Hear with nine ears.

Manifest nightmares from the hells of the kings infinity,
As he returns from solitude to infamy.

Manifest.

All await the new beginning.
Open up your mind.

Jaron Evil – Bass, Vocals
Spencer Prewett – Drums
Tobi Morelli – Guitars
Dean Lamb – Guitars
Oli Peters – Vocals

All music written by Archspire
All lyrics written by Oliver Peters
Recorded at Rain City Recorders, in Vancouver, B.C. Canada in spring 2013
Engineered, Mixed, and Mastered by Stuart McKillop
Additional Engineering by Curtis Buckoll and Mark Mckitrick




