[The Guardian Angel:]
In the streets where eagles play and my dreams
are far away. Heaven will break in my heart
Take my thoughts, don't turn away, only You can shine my day (You know)
I will survive in Your Star!

Lost in the nights, my soul is rising and crossing
that line. High in the light, somebody
shows me the way to the Sky
Sometimes I try. I try to forget Your sweet
look from my mind. You cannot hide, yourself
I'll find in some corners of Your Sky

Fast your life will fly away but I'll bring it
back to You. Close your eyes to throw away
the iced tears you passed through

Give me Your smile, my Lady of the Sky
Blow Your Love...and I will ride on this

Lost in the night, clouds are running fast
where the eagles lay died. Try to survive, even
in the dark will make you blind
Hearing my cries, leading the way in a place
without time. Shoot to my life, but I'll find
you in a corner of Your Sky

Live this night, don't send a prayer just try to
find your dreams.
Take my hand, don't be afraid to show me what
You feel

Follow this last ride down to Hell, come to
this last ride down to Hell:
follow the Legend, jump on your darkness.
Follow this last ride up to Hell, after this last
ride up from Hell:
riding the Legend, crossing the darkness.
We broke the rules, we left the Hell, wings of
the night will start to
tell. Shining a feeling, fighting until you can!

The Mystery

[White Warrior:]
Don't leave me, don't squeeze me. I'm going
insane...

[Princess Of The Snow:]
The White Star is shining, follow this way!

[The Guardian Angel:]
Lucifer is a loser,
Mankind obey!!!

The Rainbow

[Lady Of The Sky:]
Now I will come and the
Darkness around us is going to
become a simple nightmare or a dream

[The Guardian Angel:]
Just a dream I see our way, I want to still this
while. There's no fear no one can blame: This
Kiss will never die...

Give me Your smile, my Lady of the Sky
Hold me now...don't ever let me go!

In the streets where eagles play and my dreams
can shine my day, please
don't wake up me...let me fly

