Biting off the wicked tongue
Mute libation to a conquering sun
There beyond the lowest low, so it is above
In flame ascends the all-devouring dove
 
The Great Beast comes down
And it is good!
You cannot damn God
For where is he not?
For thine is the kingdom
And the power and the glory forever
 
Oh how the night shines with light of dead stars
Yet we are blind to their igniting…
 
The first stone was cast and united with its mark
And thus it was without sin
Let us not forget that it is the other
That forms the division that permits existence
Lift up a rock and there I am
In every pillar and it’s crumbling
 
Welcoming the churning divide
A higher Order to arrive
Why hide?
All is revealed in due time
You may call it unity
But God is fuck, whatever way you ride
 
The earth below us opens wide
As we're engulfed by howling light
But its okay we’ve did all right…
 
Frantically grasping for pieces of a falling sky
Oh child, there's no need to cry, it's quite right
Something's Great Eye is smiling down with a fiery, purifying love
Return to one; thy will be done
For thine is the kingdom!
 
Now we're really going to shine - brighter than a million suns!
From the fire, the fire of our True Will
Mountains are gonna move, the seas are gonna part for us
 
And we're washed over as the miracle arrives
And all our prayers are answered
We're delivered from the evil of our own minds
As we wish upon every falling star
 
Yet you understand it not
Screaming for God?
Fools! His face has never been more clear
Open your eyes and finally comprehend what it is you have invoked
Here is Justice: Today, his name is Fear
Here is your Rapture!

Where is God not?
 
Oh, how the night shines with light of dead stars
Yet we are blind to their igniting until now

Why hide?
All is now revealed - now is our time
We tried and now in flame we're one
Thine will be done!
You may call it unity
God is fuck and now we ride
 
Called onwards to our reward
Some pray, some claw at air as if to carve their mark
After it all disintegrates something remains like some divine scar

