[Music: Holmlid, Mörck; Lyrics: Mörck]

["After a moonlit night three small elven ships were drifting into the nameless sea beyond the eastern shores, over and into molten silver touched by the crimson of a bloodsoaked sunset. They carried a fallen Elf-Queen, one young dwarf but also the brother of the Islander, cleansed and redeemed in the very last moments before his death. People all across the Realms rose from tyranny with merry laughter, the fauns of the Northern Woods once more played their piping flutes, the highland folk dared once more travel with wooden carts to trade with their kinsmen of the west - but while most had lost something and gained so very much, the Islander now had lost everything. And so he came to wander. He wandered for weeks. He wandered for years, always to the south.
Ever to the south..."

Excerpts from "The Islander, First Book" by Elsydeon Le'erevan ANNO CIXLII A.W.F II]

Une, iü sya nilëa (sleep, for it's late)
Neue nieau ilië oseni 'a (rest, weary of the vowes of day)
Iü sya nilëa (for it's late)
Sieheë c'it aï (tomorrow is closer to me)

Someday you'll see
Forever I'm yours
Once more we'll be
On the Ivory Shores
 
Urue, n' iü ar nie'lie (wake then, for it's not to late)
Seï r'uhni hinë, (you, have fought enough)
Seï aï'a naraou sïnea (you, I have seen in my dream)
Ni hu aï' yë ie ehe nëa (meet me on the other side)
Sieheë c'it aï (tomorrow is closer to me)
 
Some day you'll see
Forever I'm yours
Once more we'll be
On the Ivory Shores

Ni'ahnë (when it's time)

"Under the Grey Banner" was recorded from September 2009 to August 2011 at The Mithril Mountain studios, Skullcleaver studios and Hansen studios, Ribe, Denmark.

Produced by Olof Mörck and Elias Holmlid
Engineered by Jacob Hansen
Mixed by Jacob Hansen, Elias Holmlid and Olof Mörck
Mastered by Jacob Hansen

DRAGONLAND are:
Olof Mörck: Guitars and violin
Elias Holmlid: Keyboards
Jonas Heidgert: Vocals
Jesse Lindskog: Guitars
Anders Hammer: Bass
Morten Lowe Sorensen: Drums

Cast:
Jonas Heidgert as: Ilmarion the Islander
Anna Mariann Lundberg as: Duviel the Elf Queen
Fred Johanson as: The King of Westmar
Elize Ryd as: Sariel the Elf Princess
Andy Solveström as: Gargoth the Orcish Lord
Elias Holmlid as: Grimmdane Skullcleaver and the Dwarven Council

Thanks to gitsune63 for sending track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to taufikkurniadi for correcting track #13 lyrics.


