NOO!
Oh how could I hurt you? [?]
Oh please stay the night, no more waking up with you
We're going to sweep the plan, lullabies

You're sleeping far too close to the edge, you're gonna fall into the end
One last kiss to say goodbye, one last moment to show you love me
Oh please let me hold your hand, let me try and take it all away
Let me be your hero and look the cancer in the eye [?]

One last kiss goodbye, (I can't believe you're gone)
But am I otherwise, (I see myself in your arms)
One last kiss goodbye, (This is goodbye forever)
But am I otherwise, (A special place just for you)

Waking up in a cold sweat, I'll stop the tears
And the pressure that sings you back to sleep
I can't believe how your eyes still open and close
The sickness, leading you away.

You're sleeping far too close to the edge, you're gonna fall into the end
One last kiss to say goodbye, one last moment to show you love me
Oh please let me hold your hand, let me try and take it all away
Let me be your hero and look the cancer in the eye [?]

One last kiss goodbye, (I can't believe you're gone)
But am I otherwise, (I see myself in your arms)
One last kiss goodbye, (This is goodbye forever)
But am I otherwise, (A special place just for you)

Oh God! I'll wake alone to find you didn't last the night!
Did you sleep easy? Or were you gasping your last breath?
I need you to show the me in my dreams theres no more living you.
How easy did you go? theres too much that i had to see
Look at what I've got to work with.
These stone cold, black stares haunting me,
In every way.
You didn't want to follow. I lived, but now you follow.
(Did I return to you?) Okay FUCK YOU!
(You didn't even think of what I needed, or how I feel)!
You're only just a ghost to me now!
I can't even see or feel or want you anymore!
(And these are my last words, before it's all over).
(As you woke up) And one last kiss, you fucking left!
(So it's still fashion to spite you).
(These are my last words). I fucking love you!
as you woke up
These are "my last words"

