Colours now fading, the sun burns dark orange
The trees ominous silhouettes
Foul cease their chorus cold winds taking over
Howling through bleak crevasses

With the forest eclipsed sun
And black clouds erasing stars
The crescent moon hoarding its light for its own
I search for consolation that my world’s not ceased to be
I sense a night is dawning as never seen before…

I pray…

He who made the Pleiades and handcrafted dark Orion
He who formed the heavens with the darkness His foundations
He who dawns the blackness and darkens day to night
Whose canopy around Him is the darkness of the sky
Come now… Take me!

We walk through dark forests with hells down below us
Far rises oft blacken the skies
No sounds from above to guide as we roam
Only screams for mercy and more screams belie

So we wander, we forsaken?
Could this travesty be true?
That Creator cursed His creatures to this dark?
A distant thunder then reminds us that we are not alone
Leaving our blood-wrought eyes searching for a spark

One Spark!

He who made the Pleiades and handcrafted dark Orion
He who formed the heavens with the darkness His foundations
He who dawns the blackness and darkens day to night
Whose canopy around Him is the darkness of the sky
Come now… Take me!

A longing for the day of my Lord
A foolish and misguided desire
If you knew you would never welcome this wish
For that day is black as pitch abscessed light
Run as though you’re fleeing Anubis
Only to enter Death’s Door
Think you have rest betwixt silken sheets
No, it’s a bed of vipers he has laid in store!

So now my salvation rises above
So dark that it brightens my night
My nocturnal shining as blinding mid-day
I hear his voice echoing through my sighs

“It is I who forms the light, creating darkness for My own
Disaster from its stillbirth I behold
I will give you all the treasures of the darkness you desire
I’m your Creator For I know the deepest secrets of your soul

I who made the Pleiades and handcrafted dark Orion
I who parts the heavens with the darkness My foundations
I who dawns the blackness and darkens day to night
My canopy around Me is the darkness of the sky
Bow now… To Me!

I Am…I Am The Lord of Darkness…”



