[Bonus Track][In loving memory of our friend Lena Malvik]

[Music: Beto Vazquez, Patricio Molini, lyrics: Beto Vazquez, Brunella Bolocco Boye]

[Santiago:]
At nights before I am asleep
I can feel you next to me
You protect me even though you're far away
Your love hugs me from the sky
Every night across the stars
Why did you have to leave sweet northern soul?
Windy night tangles my thoughts
Be the guardian of my dreams
You light my heart up and then silence turns it off

[Jessica:]
In the deepest life whispers light and shadow
Happier at other times
A flame bursting with joy, magic and music
The biggest heart there for us

[Gaby:]
Always, my dear friend, I saw you smiling
But smiling got hard since you gone

[Vanessa:]
Knowing all you did for us all
Today our melodies sing for you

[Brunella:]
A sadness, never told

[Tessa:]
In the deepest life whispers light and shadow
Happier at other times

[Chiara:]
A flame bursting with joy, magic and music
The biggest heart there for us

[Brunella:]
A sadness, never told sweet northern soul

[Santiago:]
I want to hear the sweet melody
That the wind brings to me
Trying to fill the void you left and kill the pain

[Chorus:]
Today we sing in sorrow
Unknown will be tomorrow
The stories never told
She was a sweet northern soul
She was a noble soul
A sadness never told, sweet northern soul

[Brunella:]
What am I gonna do with this sadness
I've got inside. A sadness I never knew, huh
A sorrow for your sweet northern soul

[Santiago:]
Tears streaming down my face
and blinding my eyes
Can the sun be clouded forever?
I miss your passion, your eyes, your tenderness
You will always be my eternal (source of light)
From my heart and soul I hope somehow you'll hear this

[Daiana:]
The moon itself felt the wound of your loss
You will always be remembered in this song
Your passion for music will always be a light
And all of us that knew you say goodbye

[Chorus:]
In the deepest life whispers light and shadow
Happier at other times

[Santiago:]
As time goes by you'll live silently in me
I'll dream of your desires and your lips
The universe in a caress of the wind
I'll see you in the dark
Wandering in the sky
With the dancing lights

[Brunella Bolocco Boye: lead and backing vocals;
Daiana Benitez: lead and backing vocals;
Beto Vazquez: bass;
Gonzalo Magalotti: drums;
Chorus is by Jessica, Vanessa, Brunella, Daiana;

Guest musicians:
Santiago Burgi: lead vocals;
Jessica Lehto: lead and backing vocals;
Gaby Koss: lead vocals;
Vanessa Nane Marin: lead and backing vocals;
Tessa Neumann: lead vocals;
Chiara Malvestiti: lead vocals;
Carlos Ciuffardi: lead and rhythm guitars;
Patricio Molini: keyboards.]

Brunella Bolocco Boye: lead and backing vocals, growls;
Daiana Benitez: keyboards, lead and backing vocals;
Leonardo Lukaszewicz: lead and rhythm guitars;
Gonzalo Magalotti: drums;
Beto Vazquez: bass, lead and rhythm guitars.

The guest musicians:
Thiago Bianchi: lead and backing vocals (Brazil);
Christian Bertoncelli: lead and backing vocals (Argentina);
Emiliano Obregon: lead and guitar arrangements (Argentina);
Gabriels: keyboards (Italy);
Joad Manuel Jimenez: lead and backing vocals (Venezuela);
Roberto Brodo Potenti: bass (Italy);
Soya Belous: lead and backing vocals, growls (Moldovia);
Pablo Soler: lead guitar (Argentina);
Mizuho Lin: lead and backing vocals (Brazil);
Sergio Mazul: lead and backing vocals (Brazil);
Giulia Penzo: lead and backing vocals (Italy);
David Perez: lead guitar (Spain);
Juan Pablo Kilberg: lead and rhythm guitars, backing vocals, arrangements (Argentina);
Santiago Bürgi: lead vocals (Argentina);
Jessica Lehto: lead and backing vocals (Sweden);
Gaby Koss: lead vocals (Germany);
Vanessa Nane Marin: lead and backing vocals (Spain);
Tessa Neumann: lead vocals (Argentina);
Chiara Malvestiti: lead vocals (Italy);
Carlos Ciuffardi: lead and rhythm guitars (Argentina);
Patricio Molini: keyboards (Argentina).

Recorded at Master 10 Studio by Beto Vazquez between 2017-2018, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Mixed by Beto Vazquez at Master 10 Studios.
Mastering is by Gonzalo Iglesias at "Abismo Estudios" 2018.
Art concept is by Beto Vazquez.
All images and illustrations are by FHP. 
Graphic design and layout are by Lola.
Band photos are by Lola Nagel.
Executive producer: Oscar Alberto Vazquez.
Audio and music production are by Beto Vazquez.

Label and licensing: Beto Vazquez.
Press and media: Lola Nagel.

Edited by BVM RECORDS (Beto Vazquez Music) BVM 008.
All rights reserved – Copyright © and P 2018.




