[Lyrics: Panichi, Sordi, Kasper]

[Verse 1 (Ripper)]
Broken down and oppressed by the secrets
A prisoner of yourself
Secrets hidden in an enigmatic temple
A pain that you never release

[Bridge 1 (Ripper)]
In a moment a fusion of emotions
Can make you stronger than fear
Letting you say what's on your mind

[Chorus (Ripper)]
Stare at yourself
The power can be found
Make a wish
Straight to the skyline
Make your dreams come true
The best bet is yourself

[Young Master]
Living in sorrow
I never know if
What I'm saying, is what I believe in
Ain't I fighting
For ideas
I don't believe in?

Living in sorrow
I never know if
What I'm saying is a truth I can believe in
Ain't I fighting
For ideas
I don't believe in?

I have the need to know what is wrong
Have I been judging what they have been thought?
Come together, let's change it all

[Chorus (Ripper)]

[Young Master]
Feeling stronger to throw away
The secrets hidden in my world of pain
Feeling stronger to throw away
The world of ideas they put me in

[Epilogue (Young Master)]
Can't we live in together?
As we think it's right?
I don't want to hurt your freedom
- I will live free -
So don't try to hurt mine
- On and on -
I don't want to change your world
So don't try to change mine
Why I have to follow your path
- I will live free -
If having my own way
Is nice to me
- I will live free -
Stare at yourself, stare at yourself
Stare at yourself, and find yourself

FOREWORD

Here we introduce to you our first full length album, DEFYING THE RULES,
the mix of our musical influences, anger, inspiration and all the elements
you told us you liked in our vision of Heavy Metal.

Our goal was composing an album with lots of Metal energy in which we
could sing, bang, and feel the freedom running thru our veins!!! We
strongly believe that when we play these songs alive and you sing them with
us they will sound a million times better. And then there won’t be any
doubts about what Heavy Metal means for HIBRIA: An energy blast resulted by
the union of people!

If you dare to go deep in the lyrics, you can have different
interpretations about the story we wrote. There you find our perceptions
about the world, what we lived and learned as individuals and as band
members, and also, about the band’s path to get here. But all drive to only
one conclusion: Searching for the right fellows, respecting each one’s
individuality and sticking together with them, is a worthy goal and a great
way to spend a lifetime!

We hope you enjoy and spread the word about this album because we fought
hard to make it worthy for true Metal Heads. If you want, share your
thoughts with us and with others through our guest book or contact us
directly sending an e-mail or a letter. We hope to be singing, banging and
drinking some beers with you soon!!!

In the name of Heavy Metal, we salute you!!!




