Blessed by the unlord I m as i enjoy this moment given, when my limb hard 
and hot penetrate these hard cold apertures. Form these putrefacted in which 
my crapulent seed....
Is processing since my baphometic rapture....
I wait for the night to glut my profanations that i need untill once again 
I'll disturbed by the holy sun !
As my excitations are rulin' my senses, I exhume a fresh corpse and unsew 
her eyes. then she will saw who's her processer....
Her rigidity, makes be break some of her members...
As I have to put in the right position for my penetration ! Yyyeeeessss !
My cock ploughed her arse when i scream the name of our master
her theeth i must broke to let her dead mouth suck me in all of my 
satisfaction...
her eyes explode when my cock perforate them and then...
A strange sticky substance is running free all over her body
It seems to be a mi of blood and matter, but......NO
she seems to be alive again possessed by unholy desire!

Ooooohhhh ! satan what a joy i felt at my ejaculation on the body of sister 
ann.
Nichols died in the love of god ! thos is not only a superstition...
But the reality of my postmortem penetrations....

When the fate of the human race as arrive, a dark shadow will burn the 
shadow of these tombs and my dark subconcious know a storming thunder fires 
will break out, that sister aan nichols will return to suck me again and 
again till i die in eternal blasphemy under the sign of Koth !
When the earth will open wide to swallow the credulous christians it'll be 
time for us to prepare the arrival of our father.
satan summoned by the dead, will reign as the only monarch on the mountains 
covered of bloody sacrificed angels !
In the devil-sign all christian temples must be destroyed nothing will stand 
in the way of our hordes at the sound of the millenium black bells !
Run run you can simply hide youselves you'll never escape the almighty 
destroyer land of hell...

Near the trumpets of damnation played by the angels of death soon you will 
be dead and then I will penetrate you ass in eternal damnation. Na, Na, Na, 
Na....
But not only yours, sister ann nichols too ! ! !
AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGG  ! ! ! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH ! ! !
AAAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGGGG  ! ! ! AAAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGGGG  ! ! !

