One Blood, One trust
One Empire to rise!

The struggle of a Nation
Has become the conflict for a World
This Time The World

No longer shall we tolerate
A world that is not ours
The abomination of birthright lost
Shall be reclaimed through WAR

Storm clouds herald the arrival
Of Holy Aryan Legions
As we prepare for WAR
For our birthright of this World

Wild flames signify the passing
Of those not of the Blood
Impurity is burned into ashes
And ploughed into the Earth

The struggle of a Nation
Has become the conflict for a World
This Time The World

["The last time our Leader showed the way to victory in one single area of the
earth. "Today Germany!" he predicted "Tomorrow the World!" Now it is tomorrow!
Now is the time, White Men! This Time The World!"

- George Lincoln Rockwell]

Hyperborean ‒ Bass, Guitars (rhythm and lead)
Ariersohn ‒ Vocals, Guitars (rhythm)

This album is dedicated to those that lived and died for the survival of the
White Race, to those loyal men and women that sacrificed self interest for
common interest.

Preface

We have survived desertion, betrayal, sabotage, and disrespect to bring this
album to you. The number of those that truly supported us during the days of
this recording was far less than it should have been. Respect the sacrifices
that we made so that this message could be heard. Honour that message by making
the changes in your life that have to be made. We hope to stand side by side
with you in 2045.

Prologue

First and foremost WAFFENBRÜDER - This Time The World is a mechanism. A
mechanism with one purpose: to reach out to the current generation of the White
Race, to educate them about our history and our duty, and to engage them to
fight in this WAR.

WAFFENBRÜDER developed this mechanism because the White Race is now enslaved.
We have been defeated in a conflict that has been waged for centuries, a
conflict that we have only lost due to the treacheries of our enemy during the
course of the last century.

Our last opportunity to retain our freedom was in National Socialist Germany
where Heroes stood and expounded a doctrine that was borne of the Aryan soul
and its desire to return us to a Golden Age.

The threat of this doctrine brought the greatest wrath of our enemy, who
manipulated the White Race into a fratricidal conflict that not only
slaughtered millions of our Race but left our Nations weak for their invasion.

The fall of Berlin signifies the descent of the World into the tyranny of our
enemy, a tyranny that conditions the World to accept a falsified history that
misrepresents the true nature of the conflict that was fought against it.

Our enemy was well known to those noble Heroes of National Socialist Germany.
The doctrine of those Heroes was a Holy Crusade against their conspiracy to
enslave the White Race.

If we are to regain our freedom, we as slaves must observe this World and
understand the tyranny that oppresses us. We must investigate the history
presented to us and rediscover our Aryan identity. We must heed the call of the
Aryan soul and embrace the doctrine of National Socialism.




