[Bonus track]

"Hey! Woo! Thank you! Okay, we're gonna slow it down for a bit now.
This is a song about a girl that might have forgotten me by now.
But I hope we will meet again some time in the future."

A flame within my heart has died
This a song, it's song with no reprise
Today I just don't know why
What we had and what we shared, so divine

Sunrise in Osaka, but I'm cold tonight
The northern lights are shining, and my dreams take flight

Can you remember? Tell me how far I have to go
Can you remember lust in the eastern skies?
Can you remember when you told me sayonara?
Can you remember me? 'Cause I will never say goodbye

A flame within my heart has died
Too far away, it's too far for me to say
I wish I could turn back time
Is there anyone to blame? Show me the way

Sunrise in Osaka, but I'm cold tonight
The northern lights are shining, and my dreams take flight
Memories are forever, and I see your face
Crying in the distance, 'til we fall from grace

Can you remember? Tell me how far I have to go?
Can you remember lust in the eastern skies?
Can you remember when you told me sayonara?
Can you remember me? 'Cause I will never say goodbye

Can you remember? Tell me how far I have to go
Can you remember lust in the eastern skies?
Can you remember when you told me sayonara?
Can you remember me? 'Cause I will never say goodbye

"Thank you."

Track comments to "The Fourth Legacy"

"New Allegiance"
Intro music to the CD, we wanted to do something different this time for
our intro. The past had the typical epic intro that a lot of bands seem to
do these days. We liked the feel of this melody and it's a perfect
beginning to a diverse and powerful record.

"The Fourth Legacy"
We wanted to have a song that is an anthem to the past, present and future
of Kamelot. The words all refer to just that. We also wanted to torture
the drummer with a speedy, uptempo song like this one delivers.
Audentis Fortuna iuvat. (Fortune assists the bold)

"Silent Goddess"
This record has a few references to God and war. The irony of wars in the
name of God. The story of this song starts on the battlefield and the
warrior in the heat of battle. He is praying to Mother Mary for
forgiveness. The question, is it right to kill in the name of religion?
"Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even
from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope."

"Desert Reign"
Intro song to Arabia. Sascha and I wanted to make this as authentic as
possible. We hired an Arabian musician for percussion and other strange
instruments I've never seen or heard before. The result is a trance like
song that sets the mood perfect for what's to come.

"Nights of Arabia"
This is based on the tales "Arabian Nights" written 100's of years ago.
Out of this tale spawned Sindbad, Ali Baba and many more. Queen Scheherazade
is kept captive and sentenced to die for adultery. The song was my
favorite to record and also the lush strings we added make it very Epic.
"The art of being a slave is to rule one's master".

"The Shadow Of Uther"
We based this song on Uther Pendragon. Father to Arthur of the fabled
Camelot tales. Based in Ireland, the song captures the melodies that
emanate from that region.
"Desire, mans ultimate friend or foe"

"A Sailorman's Hymn"
The album's ballad. This song started out while Khan was visiting me in
America. We were in the middle of writing Alexandria and the electricity
went out in my house. So we lit some candles I started plucking the
acoustic guitar with the main melody of the song. "Bright are the Candles
that shineth tonight" was the original chorus. That inspired the
connection between a Sailorman's loved one back home waiting for his
return from the sea. Backup vocals by Icelander Rannveig Sif
Sigurdardottir add the finishing touches to my favorite Kamelot
ballad to date.
"Hope springs eternal life"

"Alexandria"
Based on Alexander the Great. His conquest and triumphs that led to his
eventual immortality in history.
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."

"The Inquisitor"
This is another song that touches on the subject of faith and religion.
In the past and still the present, people were persecuted for their
beliefs. The Inquisitor had the distinction of judging those who were
deemed sinners or witches. We wanted to capture that feel with the
hypnotic chorus.
"Fear of things invisible is the natural seed
of that which everyone in himself calleth religion"

"Glory"
This song was originally meant as a small piece to complement the record.
After a few rehearsals it turned into a very Baroque and moving piece. We
envisioned a String Quartet to complement the arrangements and that just
what we did. The final result for us was beautiful.
"The paths of glory lead but to the grave."

"Until Kingdom Come"
A man's soul mate has died and he is struggling with reality with out her.
Her ghost appears to him in dreams to comfort his fears and one day they
will reunite. Another fast uptempo tune that we will be incorporating more
with the new drummer.
"Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives"

"Lunar Sanctum"
This is more of an experimental song for us. Different than any on the
record, the lyrics are very ambiguous. We want to see what the fans read
into the meaning. Overall the song caps off a CD full of energy and
dedication to staying true to ourselves and our fans.
"There is something haunting in the light of the moon; it has all
the dispassionateness of a disembodied soul, and something of its
inconceivable mystery".


Thanks to jesuscapaemilios for sending track #13 lyrics.
Thanks to r_nordin1989 for correcting tracks ## 2, 3 lyrics.
Thanks to termx40 for correcting track #11 lyrics.


