What will you say when you reach your moment?
Meanings are really hard to find
To look for a way or a reason to be alive
How can you win when all things around you will be gone
I just want to know why
I just want to know how
I just got to know why

[chorus]
So tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reached for the stars?
Tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reached for the perfect sunrise?
They just left their dreams behind...

Guardian angels have been left abandoned
When everything is said and done
(in the land of the of the brightest sun)
Look for new hopes or dreams to conquer
How can you see them while you live for the day

You will find during the endless sleepless night
Hopes are the things that will help you to light up the darkest life
How could you leave them all behind?

[chorus]
Tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reached for the stars?
Tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reached for a future so bright?
They forgot their dreams behind.

Don't you ever forget to follow your heart
Look inside yourself and regain what you lost

I) Once They Were Invincible (a jig)
"Don't you ever forget the beautiful things you did and
felt during your life, your loved ones and the dreams
you had. They will give you the strength to carry on
and finally reach the brightest sun. Just remember
the Ones who onces were invincible and celebrate them
for the inspiration they gave for your own life."

Never forget your beautiful moments
They'll give you strength to carry on
(to reach the land of the brightest sun)
Think of the Ones who once were invincible
And celebrate what they meant for your life

You will find (you will find)
Everyday (everyday)
New hopes for you to regain (How could you leave them all behind?)
I want to know how could you leave them all behind?

[chorus]
So tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reached for the stars?
Tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reach for the stars?
Tell me how the Mighty have fallen
How could they fail as they reach for the sky?
Tell me how the Mighty have fallen
I just want to know how can you live your life?
If you don't keep your dreams alive?

Line Up:
Morby - Vocals
Enrico Paoli - Guitars
Riccardo Paoli - Bass
Riccardo Iacono - Keyboards
Stefano Bonini - Drums


Thanks to darkmaster_dg for sending track #9 lyrics.


