One day en eagle kidnapped him. When he was only two years old. Eagle raised
him to infinite expanses And brought him to his nest.
Eagle's claws were very sharp. They wounded his body hard. The blood was
running plentifully. Nobody could hear his screams and call!
An eagle had no children. So he was bringing meat and feeding the nipper.
Why did Gods choose such a fate for him? Why didn't eagle kill this child?
Winters and years passed away. An eagle taught his son to kill inexpectedly.
A wolf taught his daughter to hunt and beset the victim.
Nowadays their home villages are covered by ashes and trees brought to the
ground. All of their families passed away. Because nobody wanted to except
new belief. They fought and died in fight till the last breath.
One day she retired from home. The herd of wolves appeared on the forest's
border. It happened in winter and when herd felt a hunger. A wolf caught her
and went into the woods.
Screams and cry didn't change anything. Wolfish fangs wounded her painfully.
She couldn't do anything, she was too little. She was only few years old.
A wolf had no children. So he was bringing meat and feed her. Why did Gods
choose such a fate for her? Why didn't wolf kill her feeling hunger?
Today no christian can enter the woods... Armoured knights going for hunting
never come back. Blood permeates through the earth fast. This winter wolves
aren't hungry.
When my spirit was walking through the forest. I met her and him. It was
very cold evening and the sun was setting. They stood on the forest border.
The wind was blowing through their hair...
And night was falling down.

[Lyrics by: Darken '96]

Darken's speech in the liner notes..

Following The Voice Of Blood In my bloody hands I sway the flag of my Folk,
my blood bubbles with rage and hatred. I know who I am and I know my
destiny, I know who is my brother and who is my enemy, today is a good day
to die... Shed blood cools on the battlefield, blood of my ancestors. They
knew that their acts were proper and good, they died defending their lands
and towns. They were not afraid of death or pain, but they were afraid that
someone could name them cowards. Gods were pleased with their victories,
took their sacrifices and protected them and showed the mysterious paths of
life and death, destiny and victory. My ancestors walked these paths with
pride and courage marking them by the blood. In my bloody hands I sway the
flag of my Folk and walk the way of my ancestors, the paths of their brave
acts... the paths that are forgotten today by many asleep people by
fallacious realm of happiness and peace. Their hearts are poisoned by
poison of judeo-christian pseudo values. If they do not wake up their Folk
will die. The enemies of my Folk will have to die. Their blood will be shed on
my hands... Gods will take the sacrifice. The time of fight is coming. The
time when one will have to shed his blood during the battle. When this day
comes, as in the past, the fiery chariots will come across the lands carrying
death and destruction. Let the horns and drums rouse us to fight, soon the
flocks of black crows will eat the dead bodies of our foes.

We dedicate this album to all the people who still walk the true ways of our
ancestors, who are faithful to laws and customs of the Folk, who are not
afraid of standing at confines of the freedom of culture and belief, who
stand against tremadous power of our enemies, who want to destroy our will
to fight and our true identity. We dedicate this album to all people who
are still faithful to true spirit and ideas of Black Metal, particularly to
Black Metal underground... Do not forget that true Black Metal is
intrasignence and inflexibility, resistance and persistence, rage and
hatred, severity and retribution... Black and white... Althought today many
people sell their bands and money is the only god for them, although they
let Black Metal to be commercial trend... But there are still some people
who will never give up... We dedicate this album to these people...
Darkness covers the underground... We still can realize our ideas and plans.
Black Metal is the music of our resistance and protest against the system of
captivating and destroying of our pagan identity, indentity of White
Inhabitants of this land.

Darken


