What separates man from animal? Man from primate? What makes us worthy of being. What defines us as a human being? The ability to reason? It's clear to me that we have this idea of separation. It is also apparent to me that we are not the ones thinking clearly. So I'll ask again. What separates man from animal? Man from primate? The apposable thumb? When it's clear to me that we are absolutely dumb? Well what is reason? What is thinking clearly? Lets take a step back and look at clear thought. And find out exactly what's our purpose and where is our place. What we've done right. Where we've gone wrong and went astray. What's reason for being and find the true meaning of meaning. Reason by definition is the capacity: logical, rational, and analytic thought; intelligence. Is this something we are taught? Or is this something we should already know, (discerning or perceiving easily; keen) (a way of reasoning, judgment) by definition to think clearly is to perceive judgment and the ability to reason. If we hold all of these things why do we choose to make choices that breed negative consequences. We manifest a life in which the outcome can only come back to haunt us. Taking a step back into evolution, to a hunter-gather state. To relive a 65 million year past closer to that of a primate. To dumb and dull ourselves down until we have no concept of what causes harm or hate. The human mind a terrible thing to waste? Or maybe to use at another time and place. I am not telling you to stop thinking, but to stop and think. What more could possibly go wrong before we decide. We are progressing to seal all of our fates. So is the mind really a terrible thing to waste when we get to the point where compassion is replaced with hate? Books are replaced with bombs. I wish for a better day. A brighter tomorrow. Someone to look up to and follow. In a world gone mad and torn of all feelings to look into the eyes of my race, who has been herded and rendered useless and hollow. Do we have time to change? That idea would be applicable if we had the ability to stop. Time is a man made concept and just like that everything else we have created will soon be lost. So what do you want me to say? That everything will be ok? I wish for a better day. Someone to look up to and follow. I must be that person. I wish for a better day.

