Peeling back the layers of what is real
Darkness comes into my realm surreal and
Pulsing steady, macabre delight
It calls to me beating, somewhere in the night
Oh how it burns

Dreams broken by you, your suffering and your pain
Infect those you love, we share in all the pain

Now! Time to be seen
See! All that has been
Free! All that you think (Let us inside you)

No! Let us be you
Please! Soon we'll be through
What?! Do you desire? (All that I can know)

I sit alone by windows
So silent, meditating quiet
There's nothing odd it seems but
A drop of sweat spells it all out

Shadows with eyes
A force of nature has found a friend
Shadow's disguise
The memories are cast into light

Speak, speak to me she pleads...so kind and motherly
One shouldn't speak his thoughts, just keep to your own self

Why (I!) have you come here
I (You!) want it all clear
Shall (We!) we learn about each other and more?

Why (I!) isn't the question
I (You!) want it all clear
Shall (We!) we take our hands, leap into the void

We spoke for endless hours, what seemed like lifetimes passing by
All that is dark and twisted, a journey through what I once knew 

Signs from within
What might be certain might also fail
Signs all around
Life with blinders, I shall be found

Darkness behind, behind the door, it's
Darkness inside, inside each of us
I'm in a dream/reality, a paradox so real

Contact, eternity between us
Answers, it's opening floodgates in my mind

Looking straight into my soul he asks me
"Are you ready to forgive me?" (Forgive him now!)
Now begins my spiral fall into the black
Grey ethereal world of answers, answers and lies

Curiosity divine yet frightening
When left alone the mind will turn on, turn on itself
Opened doorways, let the dark come in
The void seems frightening but it needs you, needs to be seen

No more dreams, the things I've seen in a lifetime of mere seconds
- Time compressed, what's the deal to be struck between yourself and I? - 
No limits, I want to fly, leave the world of mortals far behind
No body, I want to die, live as one with the elements in space
- A noble step to the light of the darkness of reality - 
- Count to three, then you'll see this has all been just inside your head - 

No! I want to stay
You! Do not betray
I! I found you there (I have freed your soul)

We (I!) are to be bound
I (We!) cannot be found
Die! (No!) singular path (for my desires)

Awaken from the stupor of meditation gone awry 
But still the pain is with me, and to my right he's lying there

Stand into light
The morning beams of the sun's twilight
Stand up and see a newfound path of your destiny

