Psychosomatic infestation, multisensoric infatuation
Mass media sublimination, tearing our defenses down
Feeding us shit as we beg for more, American way trend fucking whores
One's not enough, we need ten more, consume, digest, destroy, discard

Tearing in the afterbirth of a bastard child, a hated son
Looking on in disbelief, as our resources burn
This is our legacy, a crime against humanity
To feed our lives, everything must die

From the moment we are born, until our days are dying
We're violated, crucified, and burned upon the corporate cross
A disposable economy, built on waste and tragedy
We eat the fast food of indifference, and suffocate as one

Coerced by our campaign, it demands our surrender
We're dying slowly, for the pleasure of this machine
Assembly lines automate, steal jobs from us all
They just don't give a fuck, no one gives a fuck
Just cower as these bastards gag on their riches
Living off the prayers and hopes of our families
It's all gone

In our qquest for convenience, sanity has died
Burying independant commerce under corporate shit
Multi-million ad campaign fulfills subconcious needs
Procreate our misery, feed the enemy

Bleed, fucking burn, burn this American dream
Pummel our independence, drive it to it's knees

No one to blame but ourselves as our capitalist dream collapses
And economic vengeance unleashed

Dying Fetus is:
John Gallagher (Guitar and Vocals)
Sean Beasley (Bass)
Vince Matthews (Vocals)
Mike Kimball (Guitar)
Erik Sayenga (Drums)

Recorded Nov 2002 - Feb 2003 at Hit and Run Studios, Rockville, Maryland
Produced by Dying Fetus and Steve Carr
Mastered by Scott Hull at Visceral Sound
Design by Johnathan Canady

Published by Release Relapse Music (BMI)/Release Relapse Publishing (ASCAP).
All rights for North and South America controlled and administrated
by Pubco (BMI)/Rykomusic, Inc. (ASCAP). All rights for the rest of the world
controlled and administered by Rykomusic, LTD. (PRS).

Dying Fetus c/o Blunt Force Records
P.O. Box 6358, Annapolis, MD 21401
(This is the only valid address for Dying Fetus contact)

Thanks to SoulflyProphet230 for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to bigbang66 for sending track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to 'Cone' prowler_inthe_yard, coggy &amp; others for sending tracks #3-#8 lyrics.
Thanks to malicious.logic for correcting track #4 lyrics.


