The journey begins beyond the mountains far away
Where the sun always shine and the rainbow begins... the Grand Utopia
A young man in his pride
...his restless heart and soul leaving his loved ones behind
To explore the great unknown alone... all by himself

Mother... always watching over me
Now she must let me go

He feels the absence of well-being as he leaves his roots behind
Wandering night an day without any rest
Voices from inside that I can not understand
Calling me to go somewhere
The road he once knew change before his weary eyes
Sunlight is gone... now the darkness prevails

Suddenly the ground begins to shake
Tremble... now it's too late

Step into our endless darkness
You are now our soul to keep
Ooh no I'm falling into the burning skies

I thought it was over now, bur the chapter of my life has just begun
Resurrected to complete the task that's been brought on to me
I can now see the gates that bring me to eternity
I'm on my own now... here

I wandered through the sands for quite some time now... for days
Where I'm going, I don't know?
It's hard to breathe
The heat burns my skin
It feels like someone's watching over me
My faith is in their hands
Voices surround me... they show me the way

I've reached the point of no return
And the path that lies behind me I will never see again
From the day that I left home I had one thing on my mind
To find the hidden answer in the sand

Feels like someone's watching over me
My faith is in their hands
Voices surround me... they show me the way

A beast stands before me with a face of a fowl demon
If this challenge is won maybe my faith is sealed
The fight lasts for days
Evil will embrace the one who enters the gate
Judged to live in pain and forever suffer
...for eternity

Left the region of heavens to the underworld
...the bringer of life
Down in the shadows the secret it lies within
Deep in the oceans of sand

The beast lies before me
I have won, I've defeated the demon
The path before me it will now reveal the answer in the sand

Faith
...though my faith failed long ago I must still carry on
The secret lies right in front of me, and before my eyes
...the book that brought me to hell

Left the region of heavens to the underworld
...the bringer of life
Down in the shadows the secret it lies within
Deep in the oceans of sand

The journey ends back to paradise
Beyond the mountains far away
I've returned to where the sun always shine
...to my Grand Utopia

