[Lyrics: V.P, Music: V.P, B.Y]

Loneliness and painful screams..... on empty streets,
There is.... only wind. Wind plays the game... with snow and cold,...
And they have taken all their remembrance together.

All that people whom you looked in the eyes, have been just shadows,
Dark shadows that are hidden in their shining shells.
Whom you thought were your friends,
And they have taken all my remembrance, pale face..

And they have taken all my remembrance
And they have taken all my dreams
there is only wind, wind plays the game

there is only wind which plays the game with leaves.
time is dying, memories come closer in deepless crying.

They left just flesh, they feed grievous sorrows,
And they grow in gloom with their greeds in pleasure..

I hope that all these waves of distress
will break my loneliness. Just for a moment,

I will take my deepest breath....
And they’ll grow in gloom with their greeds in pleasure..
They feed with our grievous griefs
Dark shadows that are hidden in their shining shells
Whom you thought were your friends,
there is only wind. Wind plays the game with snow and cold

"I`m sick of empty hopes and drifting from one to another side,
Like leaf that is winnowed by autumn wind
Can you hear me?
With every passed day, I fear more (and more) about my fate,
Sometimes I think; what if I am forgotten by you
am I just a lonely one on this side?"

Aziz Deniz Babaoglu (St. Sea) - Vocals
Vitaliy Petrenko (V.P) - Guitars, Programming
Berrin Yahyaoglu (B.Y) - Guitars, Synths, Back Vocals
Buse Demir - Female Vocals

All instruments and vocals recorded at Oztop Music by Ferhat Fidan, Istanbul, Turkey in 2009-2010
All growling and speach vocals performed by Aziz Deniz Babaoglu, except speach vocals on Suaniurean by Vitaliy Petrenko.
All female vocals performed by Buse Demir. Back female vocal on Coffin ( the Fading Light part1) performed by Berrin Yahyaoglu.
All drums performed by Arda Burhan, except drums on Coffin ( the Fading Light part1), Yalnizlik programmed by Vitaliy Petrenko.
All bass guitars performed by Berrin Yahyaoglu except on Last Sunset performed by Aziz Deniz Babaoglu and Vitaliy Petrenko.
All electric guitars performed by Vitaliy Petrenko and Berrin Yahyaoglu.




