he is the wicked man of shaven head
the personification of evil
never again will appear a man like him
he is proud of himself and his disciples contemplate him

i'm the master therion. 666. the great beast. the iniquous. the satanist
listen to me singing my satanic hymns with my ordo templi orientis
the imperfect man searching for the perfect evil

do what you wilt. it shall be the whole of the law

a toad croaks crucified at my altar.a woman writhes chained on my lord's table
I sodomise women and animals in my ceremonies. my tortures and sacrifices are
to glorify the evil. an animal sacrifice is good but a human sacrifice is best

sacrifices, degradation, obscenity, wickedness, deification, rituals, drugs
i'm the devil
pervesity, mockey, sex, debauchery, evocations, sorcery, spells
i'm the perpetual
i'm aleister crowley &amp; ordo templi orientis

evil by evil. my ceremonies can never stop
evil by evil. the great beast prepares to attack

I ask to my scarlet woman:"quid velis?"
she tears to pieces her vest and says:"ad sacrificium, offerre corpus meum"
after she lies bare on lord's table.I raise the dagger!!!
she writhes, groans and yells
my disciples caper to the table and shout:"laus satani!!!"

the deification
"ad gloriam. ad majorem lucifer gloriam"

oh angel of light. lucifer. star of the morning of intelligence. venus.
oh thou fallen from heaven.I, the sinistrous man, aleister crowley, violated
the whole ethical code and biblical priciple known by man in thy honor
I salute thee, oh lucifer, with this sacrifice and these words because thou
protected my impure soul from the light of goodness
I can hear the funeral chant of my burial.a black mass
my disciples chanting my satanic hymns for mankind
hail god lucifer!!! bring me the evil light!!!

total injury. total disgust.I could be in the material world
but i'm fine here. i'm among friends. the evil spirits

put satanakia, tarchimache, fleurity, agalieraps,
sargathanas, nesbiros, syrach
i'm the devil
bechard, frimost, klepoth, khil, merifild, claunech, musifin
i'm the perpetual
i'm aleister crowley &amp; ordo templi orientis

evil by evil. the right man in the right place
evil by evil.I hope you follow my advices

I follow the left hand path
I perform my rituals in hell
I dominate the black arts
I hold the key of mysteries
i'm going to return to this world with my god and his angels lucifer!!!

