the prologue at heaven the archangels, god and the devil
the choir of archangels sing harmonic verses in glory of god
but there's a dissonance among them
the devil is going to talk with god about his creatures from earth
who are searching ways over the human condition
god become startled and defends his creation:
"a good man knows by hear his certains way"
the devil asks him:"can you tell me one of those good men??"
godthinks:"my servant, faust"
the devil laughs scepitic and invites god to make a bet for faust's soul

the charlatan, the doctor faust, fatigued with theology and philosophy
a profound disgust with life and strong inclination towards death
he thinks commit suicide, but he finds another solution
the prohibited arts of damnable science may deliver him from his anguish of mind

in his gothic room looking the sign of cosmos
the doctor faust summons for the spirit of earth
he beats irritated on the magick book and contemplates
the sign of the spirit of earth
he pronounces the mysterious vocables to summon the spirit of earth
he lights a red flame and the spirit of earth appears on it

the spirit on red flame dialogues with faust and disappears
a damned dog with fiery eyes and a terrible mandible appears

f:"don't growl damned dog. what do you trace?"
d:"didn't you summon me?!?"
f:"who are you (spectre) to invade my house?!?"
d:"i'm mephistopheles. the spirit of earth. the devil"

the crucial moment arrived
mephistopheles promises the joy of life to faust
he doesn't hesitate and signs the pact
the apostasy is complete

f:"clouds accumulated above me. the full moon hides its brightness.
ardente rays move around my head. oh mephistopheles, spirit who I summoned,
my heart devotes itself for you. please, satisfy me and reveal me
all secrets of the universe which I don't know"

m: "hail doctor faust!!! I promise you unlimited wisdom and pleasure
you can usufruct entirely what was him promised for twenty years
but, after it, your soul will be mine"

mephistopheles and the doctor faust go to seek adventures
faust knew the pleasure by suffering of love and sin
after twenty years the pact is concluded
the servant gives himself to his new master
mephistopheles grasps him and tells him:"god could help you, if he wanted to"

a heaven without hell. the dream of faust

