I'm still not fucking over it,

You play like violins in a broken fucking symphony.
And I know this hurts for you, but I have no fucking sympathy.

Infectious cold,
I've spent living with neglect.
Yet I still can't let you go,
And I'm still not fucking over it.

I know my suffering's what keeps you alive
And I know you fucking love it.

6 years I fell for this love, disguised in fucking misery
My sinking ship, will you be the fucking death of me?

You breathe only in withered lies, your perversion of distrust.
Now another full length down and we're still not fucking over this.

And when your eyes become the looking glass
Through which only reflect the fucking past.
Conceived in poignant everlasting despair,
You fell in love with the evil that you bare.

I can't forgive, I can't forget.
This dream was ours, but you ripped it to shreds.
There's no escape, I can't reflect.
The distance kills me, but your presence's a threat.

You traded everything for a life of broken promises.
At 23 I've fallen out when you left me with this bitterness

A frame of glass and a love that's built on sorrow
Is a see-through coffin for a heart that beats so hollow.

I know this eats you alive
That which doesn't kill you just fucks with your mind.

I can't forgive, I can't forget
This dream was ours, but you ripped it to shreds
There's no escape, I can't reflect
The distance kills me, but your presence's a threat

I will stay with you and cut right through,
Through the essence of all that once was "like new".
Out of place and you died away,
Leaving nothing but the mess that you made.

For too long I have lived just another slave bound by your torment.
But I'm not afraid anymore,
I am not your fucking puppet.

I am not your fucking puppet!

The snow has turned to rain, and now I hope you're fucking happy

I can't forgive, I can't forget
This dream was ours, but you ripped it to shreds
There's no escape, I can't reflect
The distance kills me, but your presence's a threat

I will stay with you and cut right through,
Through the essence of all that once was "like new".
Out of place and you died away,
Leaving nothing but the mess that you made.

6 years I fell for this dead look on your face.
When the rain has washed away, what will be underneath?

A midnight breeze
Of chilled unease
When we began amiss
The haunting scent
Of autumn makes
A scornful heart resist.

A longing bliss in carnal stints of thighs gracing betwixt your hips.
The harvest moon drapes aloft these graven, tattered crypts.

Please just let me let you go,
And kiss the life from my lips.
To show me a love not even death can resist.
Move!

I am the boy with a thorn in his side.
And I'm still not fucking over it.

