He has gained the knowledge which he sought when he pierced through into our dimension! Who has the daring to call him here and usher our kind into certain extinction? He has worked his way into the shroud of mystery. Disguised as an affluent . He has gained the knowledge which he sought when he pierced through into our dimension! Who has the daring to call him here and usher our kind into certain extinction? He has worked his way into the shroud of mystery. Disguised as an affluent . Witness malevolence unlike you've ever seen before! Unlawful acts raping our society! Welcome to the Bilderberg group. A conclave of the most sinister minds conceiving a method to evoke deception into the minds of the many, the kings and queens of the world are plotting to enslave us all with a one world government! True evil manifested in one council bent on global destruction! "Enslave them all! This sphere is already ours! Instigate a one world government and we shall rule forevermore" Families like the Rothschild's and the Rockefeller's can kiss their ass's goodbye! Praenuntius has begun his feast! Morphing into monstrous size, bodies fling into his jaws! All the people of 'power'. A conclave of the most sinister minds conceiving a method to evoke deception into the minds of the many, the kings and queens of the world are plotting to enslave us all with a one world government! True evil manifested in one council bent on global destruction! "Enslave them all! This sphere is already ours! Instigate a one world government and we shall rule forevermore" 

[Guillaume Villeneuve of Beyond Deviation] 
Blood Spews from the creatures jaws. It's mind begins to darken as it ingests their vile souls. The Sound of flayed flesh and shattered bones play a melody most soothing to its ears! Now the embodyment of corruption with the bilderberg group in his belly this beast will end existence as we know it! 

"Enslave them all! This sphere is already ours! Instigate a one world government and we shall rule forevermore"

