Now that thee earth has been cleansed of this Bilderberg crap this beast shall make his presence known for now he feels the true nature of our species. We are a virus and this planet is our fucking host! We are endless disease. He must cleanse the earth of this virus before he can accept it into his bowels. Eternal wasteland of galaxies! He must cleanse the earth of this virus before he can accept it into his bowels. Whats next on this beasts agenda? Put our species through a series of trials and tests! To see if we are worthy of genetic re-engineering! Whats next on this beasts agenda? Put our species through a series of trials and tests! To see if we are worthy of genetic reconstruction! Whats next on this beasts agenda? x3. Defile and devour all the new born children on thee earth until we try too rise up and behead him! then he will fill his bellies with the armies of man and measure our worth through the damage we've dealt! We should all succumb to him and accept that this is the end of our galaxy's very existence! All the armies of the world die for yet another worthless cause! Mother liberty and the pentagon crumble beneath his very existence! He has deemed our fit for genetic reengineering perhaps there's life beyond his jaws! Its time to reveal himself to the world by morphing into his real form! A hideous sludge like being, spewing dark matter and toxic gases! Forever growing in size, Infinite in all forms! His voice shatters through our temporal lobe chanting in phrases of Latin. "Omnes Vos Deos Te Abyssum Finis Omnium Ignorantiam". All of us human scum get sucked off the face of thee earth into oblivion as we're prepared for genetic reengineering! We should feel honored as we're now a part of him! He's sick experiment! Whats next on this beasts agenda? Put our species through a series of trials and tests! To see if we are worthy of genetic re-engineering! Whats next on this beasts agenda? Put our species through a series of trials and tests! To see if we are worthy of genetic reconstruction! We should all succumb to him and accept that this is the end of our galaxy's very existence! All the armies of the world die for yet another worthless cause! Mother liberty and the pentagon crumble beneath his very existence! We should all succumb to him and accept that this is the end of our galaxy's very existence!

