Anal evisceration, leading to complete rectal prolapse to feast upon the reversed sphinctral muscles.
Hiding beneath the fecal matter, the severed anus rotting, the shit drenched body slowly liquefies.
I will gut you, I will cut you, I will spill your rotten innards, then I'll fuck them and I'll suck them, I will taste your putrid rectum.
Bite down, chew the shit, asshole leaking, anus split.
Filthy discharge from the sores faeces-covered butchered whores.
Faeces covered butchered whores
Stifling your cries, shit rolls down your thighs.
Swamped in your asshole, my body's covered faeces smothered.
Wipe it on my face, I pick up the pace.
My balls are tensing, my cum is flying, you're slowly dying.
Wanking off faster on this butchered bastard.
Semen is leaking, your ass I'm biting, feels exciting, ravaged assholes inviting, I feed as she watches me.
I'll fuck your putrid anus then take my dick and put it in your mouth and make you taste your shit.
I'll make you suck your shit off my dick, I'll make you lick the filth off it.
My dick is drenched in faeces, stuff it in again.
I will gut you, I will cut you, I will spill your rotten innards, then I'll fuck them and I'll suck them, I will taste your putrid rectum.
Bite down, chew the shit, asshole leaking, anus split.
Filthy discharge from the sores, faeces-covered butchered whores.
Rotten, make the bitch taste her shit, rape her asshole.
Festered, severed and bleeding, anus is split.
Rotten, make the bitch taste her shit, rape her asshole.
Festered, severed and bleeding, waste this fucking whore.
I'll make you suck your shit off my dick.
I'll make you lick the filth off it.
My dick is drenched in faeces from your ass to your mouth.
Rectum festering, slide my cock in once more.
Semen leaking out of this dying whore.
Fecal consuming, eat the shit, masticate, cock is throbbing, touch my dick, stimulate.
Feeling flesh peeling, I orgasm as she spasms.
Semen seeping from her crack down into her filthy twat.
Anally eviscerate, my penis infuscate, rinsing in her anal juices.
Violate
Masturbate
Ejaculate
Eviscerate.




