In the end of the day, in the end of the light, sometimes it's hard to hold the fight, you've lost your love, you don't know who you are.
Snow slows down, is falling on your head, beasts and freaks upon your bed, you've lost your soul, you don't know who you are.
Questions come, questions go, answers hidden in the mystery world, hard to find you don't know who you are.
No more time, no more alibis, just your heart don't want to die, but you have lost your mind you don't know who you are.

So easy, so easy, believe it, but nothing you've done for you, maybe nothing I've done for you.

In the end of the day, in the end of the light, a dream go away, escapes tonight, you've lost your love you don't know who you are.
Reality is different from the images in which you believed, you've lost your world you don't who you are.
Grains of sand, where (there) was love, lost in the air, the wind blows, nightmares come, you don't know who you are.

Not easy, not easy, throw it away. But nothing you've done for you...nothing done for you.

I guess this chance is the last to take. No fears no doubts you must start the game. You must believe your heart will win again. Fight hard before it will be too late.

Finding the reason to break the ice, you've got the chances to live up tonight,. Show me the way, I'll take you to the top, insanity it's really a fault! Fight, keep on fighting on the road to the Sky, following the legend of heroes come back, with them you can forget.

Don't cry my little girl, I'll help you, don't cry my little girl I'll pray for you. Don't cry my little girl don't wait for the end, don't cry my little girl 'cause I know you can.

In the end of the day, in the end of the light, sometimes it's hard to hold the fight, you have lost your love, you don't know who you are.
Maybe you know, the victory is near to you but you keep on bleeding, you have lost your soul you don't know who you are.
Down on your knees, laying on the floor, hoping someone won't leave you alone, you have lost your strength you don't know who you are.
But I know, you'll break the lies, waiting for another sad goodbye, fight alone maybe you know you are.

Keep on fighting little girl...
Whispers, nothing else really matters, Whispers a new life is next to come.
I'll be with you to find the answers, I'll be with you are not alone.
If you wanna see the Sun again, I'll be with you my little girl.

