For Danny and for Davey, taken before their time

Go!

Tonight this one's for us!

This one's for all the motherfuckers out there
who found each other on the streets 
and made something in a world of nothing, 
I know they'll never understand

Tonight this one's for us!

Hey brother!
I see what they done to you.
Hey brother!
Can you see what they done to me too?
No where to turn and we got nothing to lose,
But you can count on me if I can count on you. 
It's true!

Hey brother all we've got's each other
In a world of shit, you know they made us suffer.
Hey brother all they let us have is each other
So let's fuck society up...

They'll never see the side of life I've seen
They'll never understand what made this hatred inside me breathe.
I found my family on the city streets
Because they locked me out of their American dream. 
They lie!
And through those years of redemption denied
I couldn't see the truth through the blood in my eyes. 
They lie!
I know they want to tear us up my friend,
But we can spit in their face until the bitter end, my friend!

Tonight this one's for us!

Hey brother! I see what they done to you!
For you I will fight!
Hey brother! You can see what they've done to me too!
For you I'll do it right!
Hey brother! We got nothing to lose, it's true!
For you I'll defy!
Hey brother! So tonight this one's for you!
For you I'll fucking die...

Hey brother, all we got's each other
And they been treating us rough.
Hey brother, all they let us have's each other
So tonight this one's for us.

Hey brother, all we got's each other
Through these years so rough.
Hey brother, all they let us have's each other
So let's fuck society up.

They won't break my heart again.
They will never take my heart again (never again)
They won't break my heart again (never again)
They will never tear us up again, my friend.

And so...
Tonight this one's for us!

Hoo!

This song ain't some silly gangster song 
for all the crooked hat white boy limp bizkit jerk offs to feel hard too, 
nor is it a rally cry for violence, 
this is a song about finding friendship 
in a cold hard world 
and finding family when ya had none!

