[featuring Tim Jr.]

"...see I care about you guys,
I respect you because you were created by God,
and your mom, and your parents,
the reason why I'm here,
is so that you can teach your children..."

Some say there's a residue
of the things we do in the places we do them
Now we're living at the scene of the crime
we bought a one-way ticket to the front of the line.

"...cuz I show you kindness doesn't mean I'm weak,
because I'm not going to play your game..."

Four fathers from another place
Holy Mountain has a new face

"...I wouldn't say respect,
because I told them
you know respect and fear are 2 separate things,
and I'm not afraid of you but I have respect for you..."

White Faces in the Black Hills
now we've got a new deal with no choice you'll take it.
And you know we stole it.
Cause we never sold it

"...they gave you that knowledge to do this so,
it's not really your theory, it came from the spirits,
and if you believe that way
then you understand what I'm talking about..."

Send theirs prayers to the one in the sky,
but they only seem to die.

"...but your children are innocent
they don't know any better,
so whatever it is that you're doing
you're passing that stuff on to your children
and I want to protect your children..."

Now we're living at the scene of the crime
we bought a one-way ticket to the front of the line.
And you know we stole it
Cause we never sold it
Yeah they never sold it
Yeah we never sold it

Anger circles growing
Anger circles breathing
Anger circles closing in
Cause histories not changing
and this pain is not erasing
Like the stone that it's carved in.
Mountain eyes that sold the lies
Like an evil mans design
Now the trees hold all the memories
In these places that remind.

White Faces in the Black Hills
now we've got a new deal with no choice you'll take it,
Now we're living at the scene of the crime
we bought a one-way ticket to the front of the line.

Rushmore, no more
deny our history it's there for all to see

"...and the day you realize the gift that you have,
the more powerful you'll be,
so the choice is up to you,
are you going to trust that gift and believe in it
or are you just going to go ahead and say you're like everybody else..."

