
had no new lyrics except the song
"National Panel Beating (BODY HAMMER)".
I've only taken the first verse and
chorus because it's basically always
the same lyrics during the entire remix.

1997
CD RR8834-2

CLONING TECHNOLOGY

Technology has turned reality into a paradox.
Forms are not always as they seem.

The struggle for non conformity
has become even more complicated.
Technology has learned to duplicate, rebuild,
and remanufacture reality and humanity.
The ability to take a template and replicate it
is not a fantasy anymore, it is a threat.
The struggle against conformity has become a
comprehensive investigation into technology
that works against the principle of individuality
and non conformity, CLONING TECHNOLOGY.

Humanity has become a relative term in the search for truth;
A search for clues.
A search for variables in life and mutation in a genus.

One will find that each form has been specifically
designed for the business of survival.

Each track presented is a remanufactured by-product
of its original predecessor.
Each designed for a specific function in the investigation
of truth, and struggle for a non conformist world.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tracks 1,2,4,9,10,11,13
Remixes by Rhys Fulber for Unicursal Productions.
Additional remix production by Dino Cazares and Greg Reely.
Mix Engineer: Greg Reely
Assisted by: Delwyn Brooks
Mixed at: The Armoury Studios, Vancouver, B.C.
Production Coordinator: Anne Marie Damjanovic

Tracks 3 &amp; 7: Remixes by Junkie XL
Track 5: Produced by Junkie XL
Track 6: Remix by Kingsize
Track 8: Remix by DJ Dano for Fucking Hardcore Productions
Track 12: Produced by Fear Factory

All original tracks Produced by Colin Richardson
for Zomba Management Ltd.
Mastered by Ted Jensen at Sterling Sound, New York, NY
A&amp;R: Monte Conner

All music written by Dino Cazares and Raymond Herrera,
except track 9 written by Dino Cazares,
Raymond Herrera, and Burton C. Bell.
All lyrics written by Burton C. Bell,
except track 3 written by Burton C. Bell and Dino Cazares.
All songs published by Roadblock Music Inc./
Hatefile Music (ASCAP).

Cover Concept by: Fear Factory
FF oval logo designed by: Christian Wicha
Package design and layout by: CIEL
Synopsis by: Fear Factory

Career Direction: Scott Koenig for Rush Artist Management

Endorsements: Ibanez, Mesa Boogie, Nady,
DiMarzio, Sansamp, Tama, Paiste, Aquarian, Pornstar,
Adidas, Q-Ambient, Vans, Seedless and Arnett

This record is dedicated in loving memory of
Dana "D-Low" Wells and Daryl "OG Tiny" Wooley - R.I.P.


