[bonus track]

[Written by Jon Oliva, Paul O'Neill]

So what can I tell you
If life's the length of this play
Perhaps God gave the answers
To those with nothing to say

The years are forgiven
If God's forgiving and kind
Perhaps we'll all find the answers
Somewhere in time
Somewhere in ...

You were never one for waiting
Still I always thought you'd wait for me
And have you from your dreams awakened
And from where you are what do you see

Which of us is now in exile
Which in need of amnesty
Are you now but an illusion
In my mind alone you breathe

You believed in things that I will never know
You were out there drowning but it never showed
Till inside a rainswept night you just let go

You've thrown it all away
And now we'll never see the ending to the play
The grand design, the final line
And what was meant to be

In the dark a distant runner
Now has disappeared into the night
Leaving us to stand and wonder
Staring from this end into your life

You believed in things that I will never know
You were out there drowning but it never showed
'Til inside a rainswept night you just let go

You've thrown it all away
And now we'll never see the ending to the play
The grand design, the final line
And what was meant to be

(c) 94 Bullet Proof Records / Music For Nations

Savatage is :
Zachary Steven - Vocals
Alex Skolnick - Guitar
Johnny Lee Middleton - Bass
Steven Wacholz - Drums
John Oliva - Additional keyboards

This album was Alex Skolnick's first production with Savatage. Alex was recruited to fill in for the late Criss Oliva.

Produced by Paul O'Neil
Co-produced by Jon Oliva
Management - Jon Goldwater for Crash Management

All songs written by Oliva and O'Neil
All songs published by Warner Chappel Music/Germany

Recorded at Morrisound Studios, Tampa, Fla.
Engineer - James Morris
Keyboard Engineer - Howard Helm
Additional Engineering - Tom Morris, Judd Packer and Mark Prator
Assistant Engineer and Goalie - Steve Heritage
Pre-production Engineer - Rob Kinklé
Additional Assistants - Jeff MacDonald, Brian Benscotter, Dave Whner
Drum Tech and more - Paul Andre
Guitar Tech Extraordinaire - Dan Cambrell
Attorney - Nicholas C. Ferrera
Booking - John Dittmar for Pinnacle Ent.

Front Cover Art - Gary Smith
Cover Design - Haubrich &amp; Ackermann, Stuttgart
The cover art was done by Gary Smith, who also did the art for the Hall of the Mountain King.

Mastered at Masterdisk by Andy van Dette

This album is dedicated to Christopher Oliva, whose music will live on in the hearts of SAVATAGE Fans everywhere.

Thanks to metallica1980m for sending track #11 lyrics.
Thanks to dennisroode for correcting track #10 lyrics.


