[1. Four Point Six]

Archaean horizon
The first sunrise
On a pristine Gaea
Opus perfectum
Somewhere there
Us sleeping

"After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn't it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it?"
[- Professor Richard Dawkins]

[2. Life]

The cosmic law of gravity
Pulled the newborns around a fire
A careless, cold infinity in every vast direction

Lonely farer in the Goldilocks zone
She has a tale to tell
From the stellar nursery into a carbon feast
Enter LUCA

The tapestry of chemistry
There is a writing in the garden
Leading us to the mother of all

We are one
We are a universe
Forbears of what will be
Scions of the Devonian sea

Aeons pass
writing the tale of us all
A day-to-day new opening
For the greatest show on Earth

Ion channels welcoming the outside world
to the stuff of stars
Bedding the tree of a biological holy
Enter life

The tapestry of chemistry
There is a writing in the garden
Leading us to the mother of all

We are one
We are a universe
Forbears of what will be
Scions of the Devonian sea

Aeons pass
Writing the tale of us all
A day-to-day new opening
For the greatest show on Earth

We are one
We are a universe
Forbears in what will be
Scions of the Devonian sea

Aeons pass
writing the tale of us all
A day-to-day new opening
For the greatest show on Earth

We are here to care for the garden
The wonder of birth
Of every form most beautiful

[3. The Toolmaker]

After a billion years
The show is still here
Not a single one of your fathers died young
The handy travelers
out of Africa
Little Lucy of the afar

Gave birth to fantasy
To idolatry
To self-destructive weaponry
Enter the god of gaps
Deep within the past
Atavistic dread of the hunter

Enter Ionia, the cradle of thought
The architecture of understanding
The human lust to feel so exceptional
To rule the Earth

Hunger for shiny rocks
For giant mushroom clouds
The will to do just as you'd be done by
Enter history, the grand finale
Enter Ratkind

[3x]
Man, he took his time in the sun
Had a dream to understand
A single grain of sand
He gave birth to poetry
But one day'll cease to be
Greet the last light of the library

We were here
We were here
We were here
We were here

[4. The Understanding]

[5. Sea-Worn Driftwood]

"We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Sahara. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. In the teeth of those stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here. We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?"
[- Professor Richard Dawkins]

"There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved."
[- Charles Darwin]

Emppu Vuorinen: guitars
Tuomas Holopainen: keyboards
Marco Hietala: bass, vocals
Troy Donockley: uillean pipes, tin whistle, vocals
Kai Hahto: drums
Floor Jansen: vocals


Thanks to erikv0992, lukas.hager for sending track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to eonicpulse for sending tracks ## 4, 8 lyrics.
Thanks to mati_bac_94 for sending track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to x_countess_bathory_x for sending track #9 lyrics.
Thanks to d.b.jacobsen89 for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to scifi-trektng, belamanth for correcting track #2 lyrics.
Thanks to wwgees0 for correcting track #3 lyrics.
Thanks to tzinieris1989 for correcting tracks ## 5, 11 lyrics.
Thanks to markodaniel1997 for correcting track #6 lyrics.
Thanks to monikgtr for correcting track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to teodor.kasabov for correcting track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to thingsofbeauty for correcting track #11 lyrics.


