[Music by Rihard &amp; Peter]

Titmouse sings
Near the house door
Wake up brothers, saddle the horses
Titmouse brings the message of war

COme on sisters
Shine our heavy swords
Then go open the gates
Your brothers must ride to the war

I cut my battle axe
In the green oak
Onto my spear I tread
Here we swear the oath

Almighty god of war and thunder
Watch us from above
Now we are the hunters
To the hunt we go
Father moon, high in the sky
Light our way tonight

Two bloody rivers flow
Down from the hill
There my enemies lie
By my sword they're killed

From their bones we made the bridge to home

This is our warchant
It gives us courage and makes us strong

Since ancient times the Eastern coast of the Baltic Sea has been inhabited by
the Latvians, one of the Baltic peoples. The Baltic tribes settled here about
4000 years ago and had their own mythology and customs based upon the worship
of the natural forces. They were the last pagan tribes in Europe. In the 13th
century the Knights of the Teutonic Order invaded the country to bring in the
Christianity. One by one crusaders subjugated the free peasant-tribes of the
Latgalls, Sels and Kurshi, destroyed their villages and fortified castles,
devastated their fields and tried to turn native inhabitants into serfs of
Christ. Only the tribe of the Semigalls under the guidance of chief Viestards
(and later - Nameisis) still carried on the fight against the servants of
cross. Until finally in 1290 after several bitter fights they were forced to
leave the native land, but they went away unsubjugated. Many an old
castle-hill or an oak which has weathered the storms and adversities of
centuries are the sole witness of these events, but people tell legends
about them - about brave Semigallian warriors... In memory of those who lost
their lifes in these battles we dedicate the SEMIGALLS' WARCHANT. The brave
pagan spirit of those will ive in our hearts forever...

PETER - battlescreams, winterguitars
EDGAR - stormbass, background screams
RIHARD - winterguitars
IMANT - thunderdrums

All heathen poetry by PETER, except "Sen djirdeju, nu ieraugu"

Pipes on "Sullekts par sveto mezu" and flute on "Virsaitis Nameisis" by LINDA
Horn on "Virsanis Nameisis" by EDGAR
Kokle, shepherd's horn &amp; rattle stick on "Night Of The Winter Solstice" by PETER
Warrior voices on "Sen djirdeju, nu ieraugu" by PETER, EDGAR &amp; RIHARD
Backing vocals on "Semigalls' warchant" by EDGAR &amp; RIHARD

No synthesizers used on this recording!

Band contact:
SKYFORGER, P.O. Box 77, Riga LV-1047, LATVIA


