There will come a time when all shall be called upon to prove their relevance 
“Are you worthy of life or deserving of death?” 
No longer shall the weak and scared control the destinies of the strong and willful 
“No longer will the lion be stalked by the lamb” 
The time has come for an evolution beyond the species 
It is time to raise the flag of superiority 
To tear down the boundaries of morality
In the name of the Ubermensch march!  
What you call arrogance we know as relevance 
We shall reshape this world in our image 
Create a new species with unbridled ambition
Using Eugenics to breed perfection
Create a new race beyond color or nationality destroy this illusion makes our ideals a reality 
Will to power through strength arise
Birth of the Ubermensch through mankind’s demise 
Stand in the way of the future and the future will crush you in its wake 
Restore our honor and pride
To rage on the outside yet be calm inside 
Strengthen our resolve with justified disgust 
Listen to our instincts and in ourselves trust 
Let no truth go unquestioned
Let no question go unanswered 
To seek clarity in this world’s insanity 
To find perfection of mind and body 
Will to power in this new age of reason 
Cowards and peacemongers we’ll hang you for treason
Stand in the way of the future and the future will crush you in its wake! 
Hail Ubermensch! Hail Ubermensch!
Resequence the genome to create superiority 
Recreate reason make our ideals a reality 
The future is what we make it to be  
Darwin’s theories prey returned to inferiority 
Creation of Nietzsche’s ideals through science now reality
Hail Ubermensch hail Ubermensch
What makes us superior? 
Strength of mind strength of will
What makes us superior? 
Strength of our bodies and ambition to fulfill
What makes us superior? 
Pride that cannot be broken
What makes us superior?
An honor that need not be spoken 
What makes us superior?
We have the ambition to achieve perfection 
What makes us superior?
We have the will to make it so
What makes us superior?
We have the ambition to achieve perfection
Hail Ubermensch! Hail Ubermensch!

