The tree of life grown strong with death grows ever upwards to the only space that’s left, Tearing open the stomachs of clouds as they fly by, through these holes the heavens in ashes cry, weeping for their flock as they hanging die! 
Upon the hill of Gomorrah the last man stands amidst an ocean of blood that falls from his hands. He holds the instruments weapons held with pride up to the heavens that in silence abide. 7 billion abels he has reaped as Cain silencing their screams again and again! He was the first as he will be the last through countless hosts his spirit has passed he is the hate that drives the hand that moves the mouth that conquers all lands he is legion for he has been many he is the embodiment of hate! He speaks in tongues in the sinews of the mind creating this final masterpiece he has for centuries designed! With absolute certainty he stands staring up at death with a rope and spear in his hands. With a smile on his face he hangs himself in self styled grace. In self styled grace he hangs!  . 

Beside his corpse 7 billion corpses swing in the breeze hanging like bloated misshapen leaves. The tree of life its every branch full grows ever more limbs to stand the pull. Upon the highest bows the holy hang in rows their blood flows like holy water baptizing those below. These men women and children all hang side by side, dead and rotted they now in hell reside!  In hell reside! 

From the body of Cain his spirit now descends from the top of the tree to its roots ends from corpse to corpse the spirit of Cain does spread removing imperfections it resurrects the dead creating perfection one body at a time creating a new species to its design. 
Only through death can life be reborn 
And in each person the spirit of Cain now will remain to safeguard against weakness in case he must come again. To kill again to cleanse again and again and again 

The tree of life its branches now bear waits for a new spring for new leaves to appear… and the spirit of Cain sees fit to rise again to start the cycle again till perfection is attained till perfection is retained!

