[Music: Pisano / Barton / Rossetti, Lyrics: Pisano]

Behold the blindly guiding liar, will guide through serpents tongue
He speaks his words and praise his name
He carries forth and so forsakes
Deem him he could call a thief, in case he felt contrite
Though glorify for he's a god, and follow me through heavens heart

- I grant you power, grant you might. I take with 1 the other smite
- If he be me, you'd call your king, then lead by me, and give you strength

"My protégé' I hold in high, in words of wisdom so should cry.
Adore my smile take my hand. We'll burn the hellfire across these lands"

And so shall speak

Rise up! Our effigy, salvation hear my cry.
Rise up false kingdoms, destined damnations upon!
Your memories, your broken dreams, your fallen tears, soul melodies.
Non pacify we grant you die. Overcome unsanctified in reach.
To seize our legacy

I fear you too, queen of flesh, whore you harlot in raised in pyre
Caress these eyes, the goal you seek. And at what end your souls believe.
I've watched you make a wolf, and terrify in me.
What you want so you should get, mind and body nothing left

"My little princess I give this kiss, so writhe my prince it is my bliss.
There is no end, nor a beginning. No god for you to seek forgiving

[Chorus]　
False prophet three completes this circle; the missing piece unites as one.
To falsify a god I am! They'll never see but with through me.
Am I the eager Holy Spirit? Believe it be, if it requires.
So pray to I, to peace of mind. Believe I am the father and

"The son who takes away your sin and all mistakes pass the judgment.
Come what may, though now it's you that I forsake"
"Keeper of wisdom" (Keeper of wisdom)
"Betrayer of the soul" (Betrayer of the soul)
"My emptiness is filled in you" (My emptiness)
"My influence shall grow" (Shall grow!)

Rise up! Our effigy, salvation hear me cry.
Rise up false kingdoms, destined damnations upon!
Your memories, your broken dreams, your fallen tears, soul melodies.
Non pacify we grant you die. Overcome unsanctified in reach.

To Seize Our Legacy!

