Satan laughs, damnation has sunk its talons deep into the womb of utopia spilling forth great streams of virginal purity and bliss.
The golden throne of Tetgrammaton is ablaze,
Satanic majesty sits proud, the joyous drones of celebration enact scenes of blasphemy, lust and destruction.
Raping the holy trinity the Sabbath chimes the tunes of bless and sanity, the Heavens in their last throes of death.
Gabriel and his arc angels falling ever downwards through the fires of pandemonium to the dark deserted depths of Hell their broken bloodstained wings scorched the by raging inferno lay battered by the shores of the styx.
Weary from the battle they seek refuge, bathing their wounds in the blood of a million martyrs while celebration ringing in the heavens grows strong the keys to the seven gates of Hell lie momenterally unguarded.
Raging flames carved by the innocence of the angel's hearts will release forth their wealth of centuries of God lost souls once wronged of their destiny of Heaven's golden palace.
An unseen presence breaths never before pangs of mortal hatred and anger deep into the pounding hearts of the angels.
Once more the creature is summoned to deliver a decleration of war,

At war with Satan!

The warriors gather slowly around
The sacred city, Hell
Satan screams a vengeance
On the land as the angels fell
Tyrants pray disaster for the
Land of love and trust
Demons plot a way to turn
The Heavens into dust.

The standard bearers chosen
From the mass of Satan's dogs
To hold the flag of Hades high
Defying all the gods
Satan laughs the words of war
The Heavens shake with fear
Armageddon sings his song
The battle's ever near.

Let the joyous celebrations of Hell begin

Who holds the keys to the seven gates?

Lucifer's demonic laughter
Assist our quest, Belial prays
Free from Hell who serves the master
Sound the charge on Sabbaths day.

Charge!

Crest the demon's souls
Show yourselves in power
Angels fear resist
Nothing holds the storm

Inform the grand master of Hades

Storm the gates!

Free from the pits of Hell
Slaves emerge the mountain
We shall destroy the accursed Heavens
Advance great legions strong
Crush the gates and enter free
Our lord of Hell must take God's throne
Heavenly inferno
Spread the message far...

Take to the skies!

Come on...

Frenzied demons - Angel's cries
Lucifer commands the orgy
Molten mayhem, one thousand lies
Heaven fails to hold tranquility

The brides of sin are wed
Their price, nine holy heads
White marble walls bleed red

Fuck the Bastards

Come on...

God's creation - all must see

Heavens Hell
God has fell
Sound the knell

Where time and space collide
Mortals sit and watch the tide
Of Angels crashing up against the sacred shore

Without the holy grail
Only evil can prevail
The church of God can't hide the truth no more
Can't see the light no more

Light up the skies...

The Demons ring the Sabbath bells
Rejoice the witches chant
Prepare the sacrifice - by fire
The blood runs black through heavens shell
Declare the witches dance
Nothing shall suffice
The souls of Christ

Drag him through the whores!

Come on...
Come on...

Orgies filled with joyous laughter
Alters of the flesh
Equinox eternal glory
El descends in death

Satan's empire
A new born flaming star
Children screaming out in pain
Destroy the priests
Destroy their reign

Tyrant pledge the souls of legions
Sullen and remorse
Tana turns the key of life
To hear the thunder roar

Ancients gather amidst the stars
Mortals stare in fear
The Earth is damned beneath the mist
A veil of angels tears

White clouds of life are turning black
The virgin pure she fears attack

Come on...

You are damned...

Children of pleasure move
Appear amongst us
The dark Lord has opened his jaws
Raise for Satanic queen
Ye sons and daughters
Take heed the flame forever learn
Now is come salvation
Strength and the kingdom of our
Satanic majesty
You'll always learn!

Are you damned in Hell?

Damned in Hell

Lilith holds the black heart in her hands
The blood flows
Desecration of God's holy shrine
Armageddon

Hahahahahhahaha

Pandemonium burns in the night
The Hell spawn
Celebrations at Sabbats galore
Unite with mother whore

Take that bitch
We shall not be destroyed...

Satan laughs, damnation has sunk its talons deep into the womb of utopia spilling forth great streams of virginal purity and bliss.
The golden throne of the tetgrammaton is ablaze, Satanic majesty sits proud, the joyous drones of celebration enact scenes of blasphemy, lust and destruction.
Raping the holy trinity the Sabbath chimes the tunes of bless and sanity, the Heavens in their last throes of death.
Gabriel and his arc angels falling ever downwards through the fires of pandemonium to the dark deserted depths of Hell their broken bloodstained wings scorched the by raging inferno lay battered by the shores of the Styx.
Weary from the battle they seek refuge, bathing their wounds in the blood of a million matyrs while celebration ringing in the heavens grows strong the keys to the seven gates of Hell lie momenterally unguarded.
Raging flames carved by the innocence of the angel's hearts will release forth their wealth of centuries of God loving souls once wronged of their destiny of Heaven's golden palace.
An unseen presence breaths never before pangs of mortal hatred and anger deep into the pounding hearts of the angels.
Once more the creature is summoned to deliver a declaration of war,

At war with Satan!

The angels gather slowly around
The sacred city Hell
Gabriel screams a vengeance of the
Land as the angels fell
Matyrs prey disaster for the
Land of hate and scorn
The Angels curse the day the Antichrist
Was ever born...

