Tell me the right end fed by our hate
Driven by my fate habits of today
Hi-tech machine, just controlled by some hands
Forgive the feelings, desire my end.
By a bleeding hand.

I fight in silence, I do it in the name of mine
Searching for the piece lost in their painful dreams
Breathing under black water, hidden behind a face
Illusion of a day, gloomy is the sky.

Mountain of life, tears of hate laying under the eternal lie
Fire of light, I am now ready to die
And born again.

What I become is now what I used to feel
Take my visions, feel and leave your body
Escape the mind sorry for what you see
Immortal sin visions of what's the becoming.

You will die by fire
Cry, no escape for the curse of your life
Die for them
Die by a hand, bleeding
Live for them
Sacrifice all your dreams for ideas
Nothing is real.

I break the silence and the long way
I forgive and I hang my destiny
Dumb is the soul, fire and flames surround my body
I cannot breathe too much dust feelings away.
Sounds of the night I can't describe fear inside
I am the necrobutcher of what I am.

Thunder falling from the red sky black lightening
Long trip for desire.
I am crawling under evil of hell
Heaven upside
I die alone, into the ground, death against a new desire

I'm knocking my chains, sound of the night
Lost breath of hope in the burning cry
I cannot accept the right of living
I'm touching my head, sound of the night
I am my own pain burning inside
I cannot accept the right of living.

Goddess dressed in the flames gives me this sin of life
Spirit blessed inside me for this lie
Eternal lie creating about a destiny
A new world ordering growing inside of mine.

I stand up for my rights but I don't want to give
My soul is rising from an unknown place

It's killing for me my fate and they can't see this crime

Whispers, no light, shadows in the endless night
I am dancing with angels to celebrate
Sounds of sorrow my soul breaks up in the dark
I am what the human machine creates
Dust in the night I create this fear inside
I am the butcher in glory of fate.
Give me a new soul flowing from veins
Driven by a fate over the lies you told before
I'm a new man rising from ashes of life
From a great desire, I find light into the dark.

