[6:22]

The heavens are lit by the stars 
where years of secrets of universal forces lay hid. 
They shine so bright, but yet 
they have seen more evil than time itself. 
Reflected in the deepless lakes 
(they are drowning in black elements). 

They are the planetary keys to unlimited wisdom 
and power for the Emperor to obtain. 
(They) being the gods of the wolves 
whom upon they bark at night, 

requesting their next victim in thirst of blood. 
I enjoy those moments I may haunt with these beasts of the night. 

What kinds of beings are existing at the deeps of my lakes? 
They surely must be of an evil race, 
for no friendly thing can live 
in such depressive waters. 

(Here is also a planet similar to the Moon, but its phases is only one 
and it is in its most powerful for all and ever... 
There passes no light without the barking of the wolves.) 

All these landscapes are timeless, 
and this is all just a part of cosmos, 
(but) all is mine and past and future is yet to discover... 
Much have been discovered, but tomorrow 
I will realise I existed before myself. 

I will be reborn 
before I die. 

I will realise planets ages old, 
created by a ruler with a crown of dragon claws, 
arrived with a stargate... 
a king among the wolves in the night... 
An observer of the stars. 

I will realise planets ages old, 
created by a ruler with a crown of dragon claws, 
arrived with a stargate... 
a king among the wolves in the night... 
An observer of the stars. 

An observer of the stars. 
An observer of the stars.

Emperor - Emperor 
1993, Candlelight Records 
EP 

Total playing time: 20:02

EMPEROR are: 
Ihsahn - vocals, lead guitar, keyboards. 
Samoth - guitar. 
Mortiis - bass. 
Faust - drums. 

All music by Ihsahn and Samoth. 
All lyrics by Mortiis. 

Recorded under the December Full Moon Anno 1992 at Studio S.
Produced by Emperor. 

"He is the wind, He is the storm. 
He is the woods, He is the roots. 
Nobody will escape the Wrath of the Tyrant. 
Forever the Beast shall wander the Earth." 
- Mortiis, anno 1991

www.emperorhorde.com

Thanks to spectrumdt for correcting these lyrics and sending track #3 lyrics.


