For the insolence of kin,
Why absorb all guilt and lies?
Soar through the incipit
Left Hand Path Through fierce, alchemical heights.
When you crave power and naked flesh,
Does venom inflame your seed?
Curse the weakling bringer of virtue,
Carve his righteous skin.

Fornicate! Desecrate! Pillars of illusions. Eradicate! Subjugate! Pillars of illusions. [x2]

Dwelling in the paradise lost,
I serve a singular force of dark might.
Spawned within the womb of unrest,
My mind was shaped in a chalice of incest.
With pride I grip the torch that He bestowed!
In malice I ignite their holy sacraments.
My strength - rooted in LUCIFER'S Sigil,
My reward: the Seal of His Doctrine.

I am awake, it's not a dream!
A dead empire, such exquisite lust;
The incense shook my infant paradigm -
Infected reek of a violated hejab.
There lies your feeble, limp prophet,
A crushed heap of purity and prayers;
Asphyxiated and mutilated messenger,
Thrust into SATAN'S vile intolerance.

See the Leviathan lake of skulls?
A crimson saga of Muslims burned!
While Mohammad weeps (like a broken parasite,)
(And) Only the dead whisper Allahu - Akbar.
From the remnants of this burnt mosque,
A coven erected for the Reaper sublime.
Recite with me, the sacred verses;
As the outer sphere erupts and subsides:

"As I feel the elements of SATAN'S eminence,
Earth, fire, wind and water succumb as one!
Beware the drums that thunder this plane,
Echoing failure of the bastard son.
Oh chastised Mujrim, you will bow to me -
The blood of Cain runs through my veins!
For I am the rightful ruler of this realm:
Bismi Iblis ‒ in the name of the Fallen Angel!"

Vast deserts covered in ashes and bones,
Oceans deep narrate
The Reaper's Ordain;
In sinister shadows the raven departs,
Over the night sky, guided by lunar helms.
The Scythe of Gnosis may be the salvation we seek,
Alas; so easily unseen mere, mortal constraints;
To tread the obscure path that Darkness commands -
Our binding flesh is the mosque that must be burned.

There lies your feeble, limp prophet,
A crushed heap of purity and prayers;
Asphyxiated and mutilated messenger,
Thrust into SATAN'S vile intolerance
See the Leviathan lake of skulls?
A crimson saga of Muslims burned!
While Mohammad weeps (like a broken parasite,)
(And) Only the dead whisper Allahu - Akbar.

"Read the scripture,
Of Death and Woe.
Evil triumphs;
My word is law."

Vetis Monarch ‒ Vocals / Guitars (lead) / Guitars (rhythm) / Guitars (acoustic)
Vileblood Dahcnial ‒ Guitars (lead) / Guitars (rhythm) / Guitars (acoustic)
Sabazios Diabolus ‒ Bass
The Disciple ‒ Drums / Percussion


