At Toriegamie mount up Hie river in Izumo country
Once a year occurred the tragedy of fear
Evening sky dyes deep red like a blood
Boil up black clouds and appear with shake

Eight heads and eight tails too, Pines and cedars growing on back
Red eyes in eight face, that is burning, Just like a ripe ground cherry
Spread full to eight mountains and eight valleys, Blood dropping from fester belly
Rage Orochie

Susanoonomikoto alighted from heaven
Listen to tragedy of fear from Ashinazuchi
Prepare eight tubs and eight gates
The tubs were full of sake
Kushiinadahime changed into comb, and wait for Orochie to come

Eight heads and eight tails too, Pines and cedars growing on back
Red eyes in eight face, that is burning, Just like a ripe ground cherry
Spread full to eight mountains and eight valleys, Blood dropping from fester belly
Rage Orochie

Come Orochie

Eight daughters lived in mount Toriegamie
Orochie appeared eight years ago, and inhaled one by one every year
Now It’s the year of the last daughter, Kushiinadahime

[Story in guitar solo. (inst. part):]
"Orochie appeared, Orochie came crawling in wounds, and Orochie came in front of gate
Susanoonomikoto dart out before the Orochie, and began to fight. Orochie attacked
Susanoonomikoto by turns with eight heads. Susanoonomikoto dodged that by tsurugie.
The fight continued for long time, and Susanoonomikoto hid behind tree.
Orochie was very fatigued, and drunk sake. Orochie got drunk head after head,
and slept and fell with shake Susanoonomikoto stabbed Orochie by the tsurugie.
Orochie waked and writhing with pain, Susanoonomikoto gave Orochie a finishing stroke."

Eight heads and eight tails too, Pines and cedars growing on back
Red eyes in eight face, that is burning, Just like a ripe ground cherry
Spread full to eight mountains and eight valleys, Blood dropping from fester belly
Rage Orochie

Yamatanoorochie

[Orochie: Japanese monster in very very old tradition (A.D.), giant snake had eight heads]
[Susanoonomikoto: Son of Japanese god in tradition (A.D.)]
[Ashinazuchi: A villager in Toriegamie mount]
[Sake: Japanese alcoholic drinks. Very very strong]
[Kushinadahime: Daughter of Ashinazuchi]
[Tsurugie: Japanese sword]
[Yamatanoorochie: Full name of Orochie. “Yamatano” is “of eight heads”]

