The casket is exhumed, turfs piled beside the grave
A stagnant mass awaits me, deep in the gloom
The boxes lids I open, distraught desecrating
The fumes are penetrating, I am eructating... I vomit...
I initiate eager exhuming despite bad scents...
I dig up cold earth, exhumed turfs I disperse...
I initiate eager exhuming despite bad scents...
The open casket reveals the rot
Into weak stomach I slide my hands
Intensifying fumes I like to snort

Colon and small intestine
Sliced and ripped out of the foul body
Duodenum I minch - all should be treated equal
Rotten stool and urine
Spurt out of fermented organs
I discharged and raped - putrified giblets disembowel

Decrepit spleen and pancreas I've torn and gutted
I eviscerate stomach and cysts
Liver is torn and twisted - turning inside out
A fermented offal discharge - Disembowel...

Evacuated offal hastily wrapped in bags
As basic for my culinary...

Putrefied internal fragments,
Fermented offal discharge...

Produced and recorded by Muhammed Suicmez, Aug '98 - Apr '99 in Depths of Torment
Mixed and masterd by Frank Lemmert and Muhammed Suicmez, Jun '99
Words and music by Muhammed Suicmez
Solo support on 'Extreme Unction' by Bjoern 'Bart' Vollmer
Cover-layout by Dennis Mueller

Contact:
NECROPHAGIST
Postfach 21 09 25, 76159 Karlsruhe, Germany
sumu011

A Big 'Thank You' To:
Bruno/VMI for making this real; Frank Lemmert for taking the time; Kurt (Animago Amigo) + Martin for helping out with the PC; Dennis for the cover-layout; Slavek, Bart &amp; Made for believing in and holding up the banner of Necrophagist; Naposim Andy for being a friend throughout the years; Daniel Hahn; Kai Mertens (Weltraumhummel); Daniel, Raphael &amp; Jan-Paul for having played with Necro; Murat Suicmez for fixing up my car all the time; Thomas Kammerer for the mics and last but not least to all the fans. 'zines and people who bought this CD, supported me in the past or spread the name...
A big cheers to all my friends and the people I know.

This album is dedicated to Karolin, my beloved angel.


Thanks to cory8000 for correcting track #5 lyrics.


