My will is done.

Here I abjure ye, you still ones!
Thus hear me wide, you who sleep in these tombs
A pound for your souls
A cold sludgy void swallowed your souls

This poor sepulchre
Osseous cenotaphs forbidden to tell the names of their dead!
Breathe again! And breathe again!
a whisper of sorrow in garments of joy
And thus the white path we are walking in, skirted by dead flowers, a burial recess
Lead us to the gravestone!
It leads us to the gravestone!

How many of you live crawling on bleeding knees?
Digging the soil to welcome the devourer worms,
Swapping the sky and the stars with that incessant choir of
“I am, I know, I have!”
No! Wrapped in a cemeterial breeze and with scars open wide
I embrace death and pain with a serene grin
And like a clock marching backwards
My life’ll spawn higher life as the years multiply!

Nomen sanctum tuam quod est: Hye, asser, ephe!
In nomine Delicti et Spiritui Sancto: Hye, asser, ephe!
Dei Luna et Saturnus, Yha! Clavicula Salomonis
Mortem, Saturnus, Clavicula Salomonis

Can you sense that sound?
Of ghosts, banshees and unnamed streams
The wisdom of chaos: the womb and the grave

And who’s the dead now
He who dwells among phantoms
Or the king of mortal emptiness?

For I am made of untamed Fire,
Everburning, high, bright, high!

Do Sin!
And believe
Do Sin!
And believe

Cathedral walls born on fleshy columns
Hide an altar of ghouls on the stairs through the void!
Open, now open!
These coffins of parchments and dusty remains
Here I proclaim myself Shaman of the Chasm!
Seer and Dreamer and Warlock and Witch!
And Life in Death and Death in Life!

V.I.T.R.I.O.L.
Visita Interiora Terrae
V.I.T.R.I.O.L.
Rectificando Invenies Occultum Lapidem

Et scientiam pentacula sine caudarias
Majestatem suppliciter depræcor
Corporis et Animæ salute Salomoni
Nox perpetua revelasti
Et imploro misericordiam tuam
Qui Abraham Primum in fidelem servum elegisti
Cum semen sicut cæli multiplicasti…

Nomen sanctum tuam quod est: Hye, asser, ephe!
In nomine Delicti et Spiritui Sancto: Hye, asser, ephe!
Dei Luna et Saturnus, Yha! Clavicula Salomonis
Mortem, Saturnus, Clavicula Salomonis

Dei Luna, Saturnus, Mortem et Scorpionem!
Morte! Morte! Morte! Morte!

