[Brogna]

"Quiere dejame contar las olas del mar
Te puedo quiero mas que un ano tiene dias
Te quiero mas que ningun otro hombre en la ciudad
But baby, como te puedo quiere if you won't lie down!"

I'm tired, so tired of the same mistakes 
I always seem to make
It's a different girl but in the end 
It all turns out the same
It starts out OK but then:"I never felt this way"
That's when I know that I should call it a day
Hugs &amp; Kisses - enough to wake the dead
These juicy misses, they want to hear it said
They all want to hear I love you 
Before they let me attack
But you know, I can't love 'em 
Unless they're flat on their back

How could I love you? Let me count the ways
I could love you more ways than a year has days
I'll love you like no other man in this town
But baby, how could I love you if you won't lie down?

I got a new girl, today she said: "Be my Valentine!"
Another idea popped in my head, I had a better line
Come on and give me some head on over here
Get on the floor
Because I can't say I love you if I'm not quite
Sure I like you but it takes time to say the L-word 
Is that a crime?
She asked me if I knew the date
I didn't know and then she said:
"It's been two weeks today, so say it!"
OK, I'll say it - See Ya!

How could I love you? Let me count the ways
I could love you more ways than a year has days
I'll love you like no other man in this town
But baby, how could I love you if you won't lie down?

Nobody knows the trouble I've seen 
So I found another way to go
'Cause I can't find a girl 
Who understand that I can't say you know
Yeah , there's one walking, ooh she's got a rash
She's kind of ugly, looks a lot like Johnny Cash
There's another, she shakes the ground
Oh Lord! I hope she don't charge by the pound
Yet they all look good to me
'Cause I know exactly how they play
I don't gotta say I love 'em all 
I've got to do is pay!

How could I love you? Let me count the ways
I could love you more ways than a year has days
I'll love you like no other man in this town
But baby, how could I love you if you won't lie down?

