[Special Edition DVD]

Pack up my shit I'm on the road like Kerouac (whooo)
Found tranquility in the cover that holds me (down down)
People aquarium always on the move (get more)
Set it up pack it up giddy up giddy up, whooo!

I love it, whooo!
I hate it

Rolling Stones gather no moss, so lets go
Not a life, not a love
Not a motherfuckin' minute to spare (god damn)
3 65 24/7 on the move (hey)
Gotta go gotta go gotta hurry up and get there (now)

I'm living' the life (whooo!)
Without the life (god damn)
Gotta make it today to live up on the stage (hey)
So I'm blowing it up like a high school game

I know my place is on this road, my sad story
Reflect on all the things that fell behind, can't be sorry
I will follow my life and all the curves that it throws me
Just when I think that I've found my home - I'm gone

When my worlds only gonna P to TM
We'll be choppin' him dead inside, until I'm dead (yeah)
Keep my hat on my head can't hang it without a home (god damn)
Gotta push it more and this way I am alone (hey)

I'm living' the life (whooo!)
Without the life (god damn)
Gotta make it today to live up on the stage (hey)
So I'm blowing it up like a high school game

I know my place is on this road, my sad story
Reflect on all the things that fell behind, can't be sorry
I will follow my life and all the curves that it throws me
Just when I think that I've found my home - I'm gone

This circus cycle family
If faces aren't so strange
Faces becoming more familiar
Day by day
Sharing becomes closer
Day by day
The world becomes our home

DAY - we'll turn up with nothing
NIGHT - but we'll be back sometime
DAY - if its ready I'm ready
NIGHT - I've lived a life today
DAY - I'm healing the bleeding
NIGHT - dead now to back alive
DAY - I've been through another
DAY - I'm living the life, yeah right

I know my place is on this road - I can't be sorry
Reflect on all the words that fell aside - my tragedy
I have followed my life and all the curves that it's thrown me
Now at least I know I've found my home
Where I belong!

Thanks to thepatientmental, RageoftheMage, djslackerjr, OrgyFiend2000 for sending this lyrics.
Thanks to OrgyFiend2000 for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to motorbreath151 for correcting track #15 lyrics.
Thanks to lostandcold4ever for correcting track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to b_vizzone for correcting track #8 lyrics.
Thanks to wildfire4890, steveherzner for correcting track #3 lyrics.


