[On the Ides of March (March 15) a group of senators called Caesar to the forum for the purpose of reading a petition. However, the petition was a fake. As Caesar began to read the false petition, Tillius Cimber, who had handed him the petition, pulled down Caesar's tunic. According to Suetonius, Caesar then cried to Cimber, "Why, this is violence!" Within moments, the entire group, including Brutus, was striking out at the dictator. Caesar attempted to get away, but, blinded by blood, he tripped and fell; the men continued stabbing him as he lay defenceless on the lower steps of the portico. According to Eutropius, around sixty or more men participated in the assassination. He was stabbed 23 times.

According to Plutarch, after the assassination, Brutus stepped forward as if to say something to his fellow senators; they, however, fled the building. Brutus and his companions then marched to the Capitol while crying out to their beloved city: "People of Rome, we are once again free!". They were met with silence, as the citizens of Rome had locked themselves inside their houses as soon as the rumour of what had taken place had begun to spread.

A wax statue of Caesar was erected in the forum displaying the 23 stab wounds. A crowd who had amassed there started a fire, which badly damaged the forum and neighbouring buildings. In the ensuing chaos Mark Antony, Octavian (later Augustus Caesar), and others fought a series of five civil wars, which would end in the formation of the Roman Empire.]

Welcome Caesar to the Senate floor,
You’re in for a meeting like never before!
Play the part, walk to your final act - your requiem!

Do you know what’s behind the set?
Can you read from the eyes you’ve met?
On this day we cherish the God of war.

Warned by the seer to stay away,
You should’ve listened, they’re not all astray.
Every step you take may be your last; a thing of the past!

Do you know what’s behind the lies?
Can’t you see you’re the one they despise?
On this day we cherish the God of war

You live with traitors by your side
Watching you waste your days and nights
Take the seer’s advice and cherish your life
Beware, beware the Ides of March!

An innocent meeting or so it would seem,
In a place so private, none can hear you scream.
A crowded room, a quick violent stare; a knife surprise!

Tripping, falling, there’s no chance for escape
23 wounds are more than it takes.
A tyrant is down; no help for him now

[CHORUS]

Welcome Caesar to the Senate floor,
You’ve been in a meeting like never before!
Played your part in your final act
Your requiem!

