Eyes staring into the night
Decaying faces, rotting flesh
Putrified entrails, mutilated cadavers
Rotting organs, disgusting sickness

Around the altar, the macabre is dancing
Innocent victims will meet the face of death
They scream, they crawl but there’s no way out
The macabre is dancing soon shall the feast begin

Butchering, screaming, the victims are yet deformed
Carved and snatched the bodies are yet dismembered
Blood drops of the altar, excrements smeared over the rests
The sacrifice is made, new cruelties are created

Around the altar, the macabre is dancing
Decaying faces, rotting organs
Putrified entrail, disgusting sickness
The macabre is dancing... the feast has began.

Stories behind the lyrics

NECROPHILE

Necrophiles exist... they make love/fuck with a corpse. Those sick bastards
dig up dead bodies or kill humans to make love with the rests. Of course it's
totally sick... but it's fucking reality!!! It already happend that a
necrophile killed a necrophile killed a human, cutted of the head, that he let
the body rot for a few weeks and that he made love with the body when that
body was completly rot. Another story is about a guy who had sex with
decapitated heads...

DISGUISTING SEXUAL LUST

Incest is something that scares off a lot of people to talk about. That's
wrong, all those kids (boys and girls) who had to endure those cruelties must
be helped... we must talk with them, try to help them... A lot of people don't
even want to talk or hang out anymore with those kids... FUCKING IDIOTS!!!...
It's as if they are afraid of getting lepra or something like that... They are
the victims... They are the ones we must help, not reject!!!

We (C.O.O.) dedicate this song to all the children who died of unnatural
causes (incest, war, drugs, killings...etc...) May your little bodies rest in
peace and your souls reincarnate!!!

CHILDBUTCHERING

This story happend in Belgium. A pathetic woman slayed her children. She could
do that a few times before the authoroties arrested her!!! Quite sick...

To avoid all kinds of misunderstanding... C.O.O. is NOT against abortion, but
keep it human and do it in a primary phase.

DANCE MACABRE

This song is dedicated to George Harfouche!!! It's a tale about zombies who
kill people to make those innocent victims look like they do. It's quite nice,
sick and dark... This song is not based on true stories unless zombies exist.

This song is a bonus track taken from our demo. We did this because we noticed
that after we recorded the 3 songs we had only 2 min 10 sec of music and we
didn't want to slow them down 'cause it wouldn't be grind anymore. So... we
thought this was the best solution.


