(Somewhere in the distance is heard the sound of laughter. With sudden rustling, a child emerges on the meadow. Its countenance is that of the light joviality of youth as it seems to be engaged in some sort of game. Another rustling sends the child running, giggling happily while another child appears with the obvious intention of catching up to the first one. After running around the field for some time, the second child manages to catch up to the first one and they both come tumbling down on the grass. Suddenly the laughter seems to ring a hollow note and it dies out. The first child has turned around eyeing curiously the Great Tree in whose shadow they are sitting. Without any conscious realization the presence of the Tree sends shivers down his spine. With a mixture of apprehension and uneasiness both children get up and start inspecting the Tree from some distance. The smiles have gone away from their faces now and it’s as though their mirth has been stolen by the imposing cenotaph. Quietly they leave the scene.)

The odium thoughts, which mount inside
Dismay for annihilation
Surrounded by the fear and improbity

As the carnage begins
Scattering blood and flesh around
Soar the air with a rotting smell
And walking on a bleeding ground

Feel the pain and suffering mutual to all
Caught between the devious of this world
Rape your consciousness and molest your soul
Close the eyes as the infliction takes place in you
Obscene, so let go

Vexed, killing to arise

[Solo: Alex]

Perceive the vicious grip upon the perished ones
A sign of the end to their times

Darkness falls and blackens the place

Whisper with the breath of utter death
Tonight I will vanquish all
Lethal spells tear you apart
To your end…to your end
Seep into your destiny
The end to cure all
Intruded with your life
The improbity reaches its toll
The number of corpses pile
Emotionally enslaved
Burning the flesh away
With thee grief
To the never-ending fear

And so this world
Shall be exterminated
Bringing the end of all time
Taking all life away
From all the ones
That want to live
Away to hell
Merciless annihilation
Has been brought
To destroy this world
Using its vile ways

[Solo: Alex]

From evil source sheer power
Evil rules this soul supreme

Chaos sorcery…

