(In reality the meadow, never existed. It was just a conjured image of a failing mind.

This vision was a spectral manifestation of the collective residual memories of a world long dead, invoked by the final throes of its sentient existence. It’s a vision of the end…of everything…)

A scene from a memory
Veiled in darkness
A cold, dead face staring at me
Dead eyes, no features – in agony it screams

Suffering in the crimson halls of eternity
Carved with thousands of faces – lost souls put to stone

A pale shade of existence
In a world where all is dust
From immemorial times
A negative of life

Bleak landscapes under the pouring rain
Silence fills the cracks in walls
Disturbed only by the absence of color
Illimitable gulfs of space swirling
Beyond the portals of this world

Let the flesh burn, sear the skin
Become that cosmic void that only manifests within
The curtains fall apart, ashes on the stage
The act concludes in silence

Stirring in the void…echoes stirring in the void

Broken seats and stench of death
In this deserted monolith of the absurd

A temple of knowledge, a forgotten place
Devoid of space and time

Only broken furniture reminds
Of life that once was born
Out of the chaos of the abyss
To which, in it the end returned

Come take a walk on this spectral street
Where lights are always dim
But don’t you stray into darkness
Where only shadows grin

Take a journey in this empty world
Where only shapeless forms dwell
Behind the velvet of the shroud
Of this pale eternal hell
But don’t you leave the light

There are things awaiting in the night
Beyond the fluorescent glow of the neon light
Cold interstellar winds roar
As distant nebulas flicker menacingly
Beyond this empty sphere

Coils of entropy…

[Solos: Alex – Dan]

Rats scurry in the alleys, gnawing at old bones
Red beady eyes full of hunger, wisdom, sadness

[Solo: Alex]

A skeleton lies twisted in the gutter
Empty sockets staring at the sky
Accusingly, with shame
(Take a walk through this living paradox, where only the dead accuse. Suspended animation reigns over the land…a still life devoid of hope of death.)

Come visit this hollow empty shell
Where it always rains
It’s been a while since the thunder spoke
Yet no death by water shall disturb this solitude

Only the shuffling in the walls remains
Take a trip down this lane of the forgotten
There is no life
…ONLY RATS!…

ONLY RATS!…

(The Traveler carefully starts absorbing the images.)

Boyan Guerdjikov ‒ Vocals
Jay Cockerill ‒ Bass
Dan Glover ‒ Guitars




