[Bonus Track]

The night was young for deliverance
The path clear for all
In the darkes of thunder we follow the one
The time when Cenos fooled all alike
The dreams were bestowed
For the love of our pears we will sing and rejoice

The night was young for deliverance
The path clear for all
In the darkest of thunder we follow the one
The time when Cenos fooled all alike
The dreas were bestowed

[bridge:]
The nightmare is over now
Angels will sing through endless times

[chorus:]
Welcome the times when angels are coming tonight
Before my eyes, within my dreams
Welcome the time
When shadows are falling tonight
To reach the coast, freedom for all
We'll sail across the endless sea

The night was young for deliverance
The path clear for all
In the darkest of thunder we follow the one
The time when Cenos fooled all alike
The dreams were bestowed
For the love of our pears we will sing and rejoice

[bridge]

[chorus]

-- BOOKLET STORY --

Across the mountains...
Across the seas...
Across the skies and space...
Across time...

There was a land the gods named Osyrhia. On this land they rose 7 continents. On each
of these continents, they put a king and to each king, they gave a stone...
In its youth, this land was of incredible beauty. Its wealth and the wisdom of its
inhabitants filled the Gods with contentment. So many wonders at reach could only call
for envy. So came an evil being, whose heart was blinded by jealousy and selfishness.
He was the first to brave the gentle Gods. But he was not alone... Eager for power, many
followed him and soon tried by force to take over the wonders of Osyrhia. In time, this
dark being was known from all as Cenos, "he who gathers" in the old language, and the
bards still call him the "Traveller", as he could cross whole continents to bring death and
desolation. As a wave of chaos swept over Osyrhia, the Gods held a council and together
joined their forces to banish evil and bring the peace back to their people. The very souls of
Cenos and his followers were locked for thousand years. In their wisdom, the Gods gave
the seven continental stones their power, so their people could protect their land and keep
the evil souls in their elder grave. And if Cenos could gather the wick, the stones would
unify all of Osyrhia's inhabitants. Nothing could defeat the guardian stones' power of unity.
It was then said that in time, a young human would get the power from the stones
and guide all the people in their fight against darkness. So ended the days of wealth. A
thousand year as now gone by, and evil slowly awakes. In his uneasy sleep, a young man
makes a strange dream...

As the story goes: Following the events accounted in the "Of Wars In Osyrhia" chapter, the
armies of the light fought bravely at the battle of Laemnil, but were soon outnumbered by the
legions of Cenos. The bearers of the Guardian Stones were slain, and the Stones themselves
hidden in the fallen citadel of Laemnil. The armies of Osyrhia were led to their final
destinations in Kalia, Duna and Eldergrave, where they would meet what fate Cenos had planed
for them...

-- END OF STORY --

FAIRYLAND line up:
Max Leclercq / lead vocals
Thomas Cesario / rhythmic guitars, lead guitars, bass
Anthony Parker / lead guitars
Pierre-Emmanuel "Piwee" Desfray / Drums
Philippe Giordana / keyboards, backing vocals

In loving memory of Yann Pacaud 27-04-1977 / 05-03-2006


Thanks to herenvardo, brken_saint for sending track #13 lyrics.


