The bringing of disease and death. The demons of war cast their shadows.
Your screams for mercy shall leave you alone. Flesh on your body is ripped from you bones.
Demons on the hill stand still, possessing the powers to rape your mind and leave you at your end.
Plagued with the shadow that follows, clouds are cast and with them comes the clod that seals your fate.
Repent in fear denied, embrace the fire and wind. Demons stand still! The life you seek is a lie; burn forever and the shadows follow you.
With wings of fire the spirit it rises. Devouring you life and leaving your body for
Rats, ravens, and dogs. The wicked enchanted by sorrow, will bathe in your blood and laugh at your screams an offering to the night.
Repent in fear denied, embrace the fire and wind. Demons stand still! The life you seek is a lie; burn forever and the shadows follow you.
Can you see? Can you hear me? Do you remember I promised you pain? Enchanted by sorrow. Now do you see? Do you hear me? Your damned forever in hell!
Your screams for mercy shall leave you alone. Flesh on your body is ripped from you bones. Black soul has been christened.
The pulsating beat of your last breath will bring you to your knees. Await you fate and taste your death the shadow has almost risen.
Demise is on the horizon, the hour is growing closer. Cold becomes your skin, the shadow it reigns in terror.
Across the valleys through the river of blood, beyond the gates of hell.
Run! Run! Scream! Scream! Dark Cry! Now release the anguish of your dreams!
Your dark cries will feed the fire. The fire will reside. Red-hot teeth will tear your flesh, eternal is your suffering.
From the fires you will run, darkness will embrace you. Swarm, demons heart is black, and shallow is his face.
Across the valleys through the river of blood, beyond the gates of hell.
Run! Run! Scream! Scream! Dark Cry! Now release the anguish of your dreams!
Demons rise. Arise! We reign! From the sky to the sea! We reign!
Demons rise. Arise! We reign! From the sky to the sea! We reign!

