Years have passed since The Family was driven out of the village by force.
The people had won, but as some of the old folks knew, this victory was not final.
The unrest would not end but only cease for a while, as it had always done since the beginning of times.
Hence, they taught their offspring to love and hate, respect and fear, thinking it would be the best way to avoid the inevitable
The last page of the book read:
"Children, despite our best efforts, we have grown weak
One day when you least expect it, during a party or harvest festival, a man, not quite a man, yet not quite a beast will walk up the road and join with his family, the nature. Unless humanity has found harmony before that… you all will perish."
"Hello"

So here I walk up the road back home,
This place is me, my skin, blood and bones
You'd have to remember in order to fear me
"Your past will now burn down your town"

There is a mountain, in the horizon
Rebuilding the fire, the flames are arising
I am the flint and the kindler they need

This is where we used to live
You were scared. You all were.
You cast me out, all for one, family.
You draw my blood, they will burn down your town

There is a mountain, in the horizon
Rebuilding the fire, the flames are arising
Strong is the fear, and the anger it breeds

I can take all the blame, for the sake of my name
Our blood on your hands, running hot in my veins
They say: "Do yourself well and stay away from your family" What??!

Build a wall on the hill and write a book out of fear
Then aim a gun at your son to keep him safe from us
You´re not foolish, you're insane. They would die for me. Twice.

Build a wall on the hill, write a book out of fear
You are out of your minds, blind; your love´s the killing kind…

Children play,
Your riddles and games
Are hurtful, this pains me to know, they will teach them to fear.
But if anything, they teach them to hate
- the bells of my fate play my songs,
But I don´t want to dance anymore
But I don´t want to dance anymore
Cause I don´t want to dance with fire!

Love is the infinite power
You´re gonna sing when the mountain tells you,
Now, you'll sing, you'll bow, as we dance around you
In a dream, you believe, you have seen our soul,
You have seen our heart,
You have seen through the wall,
You have seen what we are,
But what have you learned?

I can take all the blame, for the sake of my name
Our blood on your hands, running hot in the veins
They say: "Do yourself well and stay away from your family" -what??!

Build a wall on the hill, write a book out of fear
Aim a gun at your son, keep him safe from us
You're not foolish, you're insane. They will love me till death

Build a wall on the hill, write a book out of fear
Aim a gun at your sons, make them all read it
You are out of your minds, your love is the killing kind…

Write a book about us, family infamous
Memorize every leaf, every word, every phrase
See your name on the last page…
Consumed by fire

...The bells of my fate play a song, but I don´t want to dance anymore
…but I don´t want to dance anymore
... Cause I don´t want to dance with fire!

The innocence slain, the price you have paid
So tonight, if you teach your own children to hate
Remember to tell of both heaven and hell
Never open those gates for the weak...

Because we're up on the mountain…
We are one with the mountain…
Cause we are the mountain, one with the Mountain
Wildfire Mountain…
Wildfire…

