So there I stood, exalting in the lurid revelation… my purpose, my destiny echo from an ancient time where I once lived… where I once died

Memories unrepressed, they flood my mind… I am swept away by a torrent bringing with it the debris of hundreds of past lifetimes with vividness that belies reality

I am a reincarnation of origins unremembered… so I swim against the current of the flow of eternity… my muscles burn, but each stroke brings me closer to the source

The putrid stench of failure permeates in the river mist, and yet… through the stink… I detect it… like sweet ambergris… intoxicating, addictive…
This is the scent of vengeance

Back through time, I swam to the banks of the Nile where I saw the city

In an age that knew no pharaoh, no human king… ten thousand years before the rise of the false human civilization… she stood with her proud ziggurats and towers … ruled by mighty gods…
Gods with unspoken names

The city streets were slick with blood, the gods demanded flesh
the dark cravings of the unholy
Human slaves from the holding pens are led to their deaths
sacrificed by curved bronze knife, their corpses piled by the score

Never to be grieved
Passed to the hands of the Necropriest
Abaddon… the Stealer of Souls…
Animator of the Dead… General of the Locust Horde

The fallen rise
Through vilest rites
Purged of life
Carved by knife
The Dark Ones feast
On the souls of the weak
The fallen rise with Abaddon’s might

In the inner sanctum of the City of the Dead
The Magus and his coven hold council
searching for the weaknesses of the Ones with Unspoken Names
covetous of greater power, yet fearful of the priesthood

By twist of fate, they found the keys to the Nethergate
A portal to the world beneath
An eternal prison… Abaddon and the Locust Horde will be no more

They conspired
That on this night
The tides would turn
The city would burn
The slaves will rise
The gods will die
The priesthood crushed
The horde ground into dust

I ran through the ancient corridors of the city’s catacombs
stumbling, tripping in the abysmal dark until I was lost like a fool

Abaddon!
Beware their deception!

I carried on in the labyrinth till a blessed breeze of fresh air guided my way out… I scurried through the city streets
I must not fail!

Breathless, frustrated, too late… I saw them with Abaddon leave through the city gate

They conspired
That on this night
The tides would turn
The city would burn
No!

