I dont want to do it but he makes me!
You all can run your mouths, my ears are slowly burning
You call can bite your tongue, my wish is your mouth sired and rotting
I'll have the last words when your teeth have grinded from the lying
You'll wish you never said a word my life has not recited.
You powerless shells of men, your words are worthless
You've all become stains to my ears, if you know what's good for you
you'll lie in silence

And if you try and Speak again, I'll break a bat off against your grin
And if you ever try and speak again, I'll break a bat off against your grin

I'll put a bit in your mouth, and watch you choke on your words
(You spoke again)
I'll feed you your lies, and watch you choke on words, I'll give you something to truly despise
(I despise you)

I'll rip you from limb to limb disemboweling your wretched skin
I'll cut off your head and let it roll reconstructing your last perspective
The Ice in your veins won't match the venom in mine
You look much prettier when you are dead

I'll take your eyes and lead you through the milky halls of the blind
I'll take your teeth and starvation will laugh as you try to eat from mine.

Who's got the last Now?

I will become your worst nightmare
You will be found dead in the night
No one will even come looking
Cuz no one will notice the plight

SIT! DOWN!
I wanna make this last

This is far from over, we have only just begun
Fee Fi Fo Fum, I smell the blood of a lying scum
Be he live or be he dead, I'll grind your bones to make my bread
Fee Fi Fo Fum, I smell the blood of a lying scum

I'll take your tongue and clean out your mouth with the blood from your lungs
I'll take your feet to a carpet of glass, this can't be solved with guns
You say you look back at the times we had fondly
I'll dice you to bits with the knives I have on me life is about to end can't you see?

Fee Fi Fo Fum, I smell the blood of a lying spineless scum
Be he live or be he Dead, I like you best without a head.

Bow before me come and draw near my words will ensnare you
As you lend me you ear for I am master of fear and I reign here.
I am the wind the deep and the night.

