[performed by Arkha Sva]From the abyss you pray for the death of your mother
that has deprived everything from you.
By closing your eyes, you can see her face
laughing down at you in kicking you down.
... then stop at there.
... then stop at there!
Behind your closed eyelids, you shall see your mother,
with her hands on her breast and lying down with black vomit,
within unseen scenery of under the sun.
You pray for the death of your mother.
You crush the heart of her many times in your hands.
Her hateful smiles shall finally come to their end.
... then stop at there!
It's time to clean up all of your agony.
The diabolical stars start twinkling behind the white sunshine,
at the thirteenth stops the clock of the heart of your mother.
BURG DOM, ... then stop at there.
Hell flows down into the heart of her.
BURG DOM, ... then stop at there.
At the thirteenth stops the clock of the heart of your mother.
Under the bright midsummer sunshine,
walks your deadly mother.
Your mother puts her hands on her breast, in gasping for breat,
and is coming to you with her thin arms up in vain.
Your mother suddenly dives in front of a carriage running next to her at its full speed.
You cut and remove her hair a little too long for midsummer.
Your place her arms here, and her body over there.
You can not find her legs that fried somewhere.
You cut the only two breasts off from her body,
in praying they will grow again,
by giving filthy water and compost on their cut ends.
You plant the two breasts of your mother on the wall within her closet.
Black liquid streams down the wall.
And when her body has the breasts bloom again,
you will then plant them on the walls of the library of your father
that nevermore makes any motion.
Just until his library is full of your mother.
After all you turn back there under the midsummer shine again
to search for the legs of your mother.
You prayed for her ruin.
You crush the heart of her ...
crush all of that vulgar smiles and those sweet words of imitation.
... then stop at there!
All your agony is now properly paid.
The diabolical stars start twinkling behind the white sunshine,
at the thirteenth stops the clock of the heart of your mother.
BURG DOM, ... then stop at there.
Hell flows down into the heart of her.
BURG DOM, ... then stop at there.
At the thirteenth stops the clock of the heart of your mother.



