The facility explodes.

A massive blast unlike any before it. It leaves an entire mountain range in the sea, and sends shockwaves out for thousands of kilometers.

Many questions remained unanswered.

Is Elizabeth dead?
What has happened to Szara?
Where is Elizabeth's father?

Was The Diaspora Initiative part of something bigger?

Time will tell...

[The Narrator]
The sky burned white, we shielded our eyes
The shockwave racing, flattening the land
Glass shatters throughout the city streets
Vision obscured in the seething fury of light

Mountains explode
Cascading into the waters below
A corpse of nature
The sea swallows without a belch

Blooming into the sky
The mushroom cloud looming tall
Ash rains down
The roads leading North end here

Death, is it really a disease?
I'd tremble to know what we'd do
Without that boundary
The horrors that we'd dream

One hundred million take to the streets
Walking through ash, hand over eyes
One hundred kilometers into the sky
The plume rises

They sift through the rubble of their monuments
Walking in the cracks of their monoliths
She has torn them all down, at all cost
In her death she has deprived them

The dust settles over the city
The sky fading white to gray
What really happened that day?
What did we loose to the waves?

Amidst the fallout they search for the body
Desperate for something to call an answer
Digging through the remains of their monuments
They search for North

Elizabeth North is a unique individual gifted with the companionship of an alien intelligence. This uniqueness has also driven her into a life of isolation, spending the first twenty-seven years of her life restricted to the research labs where she collaborated with the alien intelligence - known as Compass - to stabilize the chaotic world they inhabit.

However, there are those who would think their ambitions would be better suited to control what Elizabeth holds within her.

Keeping a terminal illness at bay, Compass bestowed a colony of nanomachines in her body at the age of seven, at the pleading request of her father. This colony of machines keeps her alive, but they also hold the key to technologies nearly limitless and unbound.

Discovering a plot to use her as a host to produce and harvest these machines - something strictly forbidden by Compass - Elizabeth departs the safety of her isolated reality and escapes into the wider world.

She will be hunted. She will face death. She will face the burden of protecting others. She will face failure, starvation, and torture. But eventually, she must face her pursuers, and decide how to end her journey.


