The commotion caused in the escape from the city has gotten Elizabeth the attention of a cultist group who would seek to use her to gain a foothold in advancing their anti-political and anti-war agendas.

Knowing she has some sort of value to the government, they capture her and Szara, and try to forcibly learn whatever they can.

Torture.

Months of torture, but she does not say anything. Eventually, Szara is able to free Elizabeth - but Compass - has other plans than simply escape.

Piloting Elizabeth's body, Compass slaughters everyone. When she reaches the cultists leader, Elizabeth finds herself back in reality, no longer under Compass' control. Elizabeth kills the man, without conscience, for the horrific things he has done.

[Elizabeth]
The endless expanse of the infinite seas
Profoundly unsettles something in me
Feeling pursued by the rolling tides
Begging and pleading to drown in their seas

Cold is the darkness comforting the silence
Semblance of serenity but still at unease
Lying still with you whispering to me
I could almost be content, almost be...

But the dark is not kind, ambivalent the night
When given to the dusk, the filth it comes
From a somber voice I hear him call to me
“You'll never escape, your mind is mine”

“We know who you are”, He explained to me
“I will take your ghost, you'll give me everything”
“No!” I exclaim, “You fail to understand!”
But my words are denied, lashed in bondage

And the day is not kind, malevolent the dawn
Zealotry emerges, a vitriolic boom
I hear him call to me. “You never had a choice”
“You are now but a pawn, my clay to be formed”

Gazing into my captor's eyes
I see no remorse for the hell I'm in
Even with my muffled voice
They know I cry out for death
Gazing into my captors eyes
I see no hesitance in her action
Even though I can no longer cry
They know I scream out for death

Gazing into my captor's eyes
I feel no remorse for the pain I'm in
Even with my stifled voice
My throat bleeds from my screams
Shielding my gaze from captor's eyes
I fear no remorse in their action
Even though I can no longer speak
I still growl against the pain

Bound to my bed and coffin
They force themselves inside
Horrifyingly alien – Ruthlessly violated

I can feel the edge of death
Brimming with a life better than this
My existence discontinued nonexistence forever persistent
Her whispering voice has disappeared
No more comfort, only fear
Left alive to suffer

A haze of momentum attacks me
Blurred eyes see little to discern
I hear the shouts and cries of dying men
Feel the warmth of blood on my hands

Awakening in flickering light
From head to toe – Covered in gore
A pile of bodies lay at my feet
A dying man begging to me
Without conscience I crush his throat
Gurgling noise and cracking bone
A whisper gone now returns
Screaming to me, “Run”

