All that I haven't told them
beats around the cell
Let me underline the road that I will run
What it is to know heaven
In everybody's soul lies their fear,
and for your reasons
that were sacred unto others' lives
who listen as I die
Doesn't everybody heed emotions they can't see?
Battered through time untold
They're battered through time untold

Hold on, don't tear down
Our loss from living grows
Hidden away, here lies the cause of all your pain
[x2]

Pity some soul won't teach them
Bitter are the kind of mindless sons
There's nothing I can say or can do wrong
Now there's nothing I can say I've never done
If bitter's an emotion, that's no better
than to say pity for the soul who'd blind them

Hold on, don't tear down
Our loss from living grows
[x2]
The mindless son
There's nothing I can say or can do wrong
Now there's nothing I can say I haven't done
If bitter's an emotion, that's no better
than to say pity on their souls
I'd blind them all!

Getting to know what I feel
I don't feel the same
Getting to dream all the time and to bottle blame
Getting to know what I feel inside
Getting to feel what I want to hide
Getting to know what I can't deny:
I've changed in hell's name!

Getting to know what you feel
You don't feel the same
Getting to dream of a time and ignore the shame
Oh, looking for changes
Oh, in hidden places

Does what I know and what I see die with you and me?
Does what I know and what we see die with you?
Does it die with you and me?
Does what I know and all you see die with you and me?
Does what I know and all we see die with you?
Does it die with you and me?

Needed some time, but time couldn't tackle it all
Needed something, but things have revealed so much more
Though fears are often wrong,
keep emotional turmoil, feel utterly torn
Yet no one believes it goes on
All I needed was time to wake up and to face
Put feelings back where they belonged
Can't be living with fault and taking the blame
when I don't believe that it's wrong

Ah, let me explain
Can you not see how the loss of living grieves me?
Do you not see how our loss from living grows?
Can you not see how the loss of living grieves me?
Do you not see how our loss from living grows?

Expressing his thoughts from the positive side
Claiming he can't turn away
Leaving the social inept in the corner to fight
demons that say they're to blame
Listening...

Does what I know and what I see die with you and me?
Does what I know and what we see die with you?
Does it die with you and me?
Does what I know and all you see die with you and me?
Does what I know and all we see die with you?
Does it die with you and me?
So what I know and what we see dies with you and me
So what I know and all you see dies with you and me
'Cause all we've known and all we've seen dies with you
'Cause what I know and all you've seen dies with
It dies with you, not me

