These are the Darkest Ages ever, all was in vain.
No hope, no more wisdom on Earth.
The evil lands of Lucifer had overcome.
We have to seek for another life far from here on the Princess Star.
Because all that remains on Earth is: Tragedy.

The time is rising, into the Light, so now my answers come: the Tragedy.
And when you left here, no matter if you know, 'cause we don't need them anymore.

My wings are rising, and now I go, until I'll be to far to come back home.
Souls of Darkness, another prison, another chapter: the last season.

Fire's burning on our Planet, Satan's work is done for us...
Now his Throne is shining brightening and we are giving up!

So kill these Angels, las sacrifice, among the strangers, I can's protect your eyes.
The only chance, to be alive, to see next day; (so) please give me all the strenght to run away.

The Tragedy, the fighting, nothing left to move this blame on me.
The Tragedy, a liar that the World will get for him.
Is the Tragedy, his nightmare and our Souls are going to fall deep down.
The Tragedy, someday we will find another World to live again.

But you can look, look for another way, you can look at Ivory Castles to play

So you try to sing with some Angels, who are going to protect our Grave...
Angels and Rainbow we save them for freedom, Angels and Rainbow we love them,
Angels and Rainbow we look at your power, Angels and Rainbow creatures of the Sun. 

My wings are rising, and now I go, until I'll be to far to come back home: The Tragedy.
And when you left here, no matter if you know, 'causewe don't need them anymore.

My wings are rising, and now I go, until I'll be to far to come back home: The Tragedy.
Blood in the air, pain all around, we gave to Satan what he haven't found.

Fire's burning on our Planet, Satan's work is done for us...
Now his Throne is shining brightening and we are giving up!

The Tragedy, the fighting, nothing left to move this blame on me.
The Tragedy, a liar that the World will get for him.
Is the Tragedy, his nightmare and our Souls are going to fall deep down.
The Tragedy, the Earth, but another World will take its place to start.

