I had to run… one
Had to run from my home if you can call it that,
Grabbed my CDs and an overstuffed backpack.
Things got hot with my moms and pop, yo
Night after night they blew up the spot.
Throwing plates and pots, shit's got to stop man,
Gotta break out let the pressure drop.
Too extreme kid to be only a teen,
Can't believe what they're putting me in between.

One day (got to break out, let the pressure drop), the way…
(Maybe) Someday (got to break out, make the pressure stop), moving…

Maybe one day it will all make sense,
A tight offense is still the best defense.
Don't even know if I can trust my friends,
Taking anything just to make this end.
Cheap wine, hustles, drugs and street crimes,
Sleeping at the flicks turning tricks hard times.
Wake up the street calls out my name,
Should be in school, but I'm beggin for change.

Hoping for change, praying for change, feeling my pain
(Keep trying, keep on…)

One day (get it all make sense, it’s the best defense), the way…
(Maybe) Someday (street crime, hard time, beggin for change), moving…

One day (will it all make sense, it’s the best defense, wake up)
(Maybe) Someday (street crime, hard time, hoping for change), moving…

Keep on moving something
So never know what you’re looking for it
Just keep on push it forward guy
Keep on looking for it
If you can’t believe it
Some will say, “You can not” and she’ll move it
Don’t stop, looking for it
Keep moving forward

Keep things moving by showing and proving,
On the street by myself what the hell am I doing?
Somehow one day, someway anyway,
Better look out world I got a lot to say.
It's my time to shine, need to get what's mine,
Make a move to the future leave the past behind,
There's a pie in the sky, gonna get a piece,
I wanna be at peace.

One day (keep things moving, showing and proving), the way…
(Keep things moving)
(Maybe) Someday (Look at world, gonna get a piece), moving…

Keep on moving something
So never know what you’re looking for it
Just keep on push it forward guy
Keep on looking for it
If you can’t believe it
Some will say, “You can not” and she’ll move it
Don’t stop, looking for it
Keep moving forward

One day (keep things moving, showing and proving), the way…
(Keep things moving)
(Maybe) Someday (look at world, and put the past behind)
(Gonna get a piece, I wanna be in peace.)

One day (Keep on looking for something), the way…
Just keep on push it forward
Hard times
(Someday) If you can’t believe it
My time (moving…)
Don’t stop, looking for it
Keep moving forward
One day (if you looking for something)
(The way…) Just keep on push it forward guy
Keep on looking for it
(Someday) If you can’t believe it…

