Lie in endless wait behind some cold shadow for a stream of stars that have long since died.
Their burnt cinders fall upon my heaped corpse and seep into my open pores.

With the deadened silence of my exiled mind shattered a torturous word crawled to the darkest cavern of my
being where a dim glow resonated from the eyes of my dead dream and tore a hole in my lachrymal sleep.
'Twas as if I had motioned the skies to part, and a piece of heaven to tumble past my hungry eyes when a
single lonely drop fell to the inviting earth and buried unending furrows to carve me open.

An absurd drop of pain within such a vast ocean of disease
presented a dismal glimmer of searing bliss that passedin such a blinking moment
that it might have slipped unnoticed but for the piercing cries in my heart
The dismal moments have now passed to flounder between the sea
and disease and lay waste to your bubbling pores.

The soft murmurs poured forgiving 
and with envious assault laid waste my breath
In fleeting moments of joy a knock betrayed the vigilant ear and drowned in vastness.

You see through the dream, behind the vacant smile of the dead 
And cut the seams, that held together my breath
Lifeless I lie, thoughts tear my mind and you fly
Your sharpened breath, echoes these halls for life
Slip the warm knife through my searing flesh
Nefarious agony slips inside my smile

As the swallow lands and bleeds, to suck the light and with it weave, dark veils of strangling gloom to cover
this silent room.
A fragment of shuddering light appeared and began to bite at the air, so thick with deceit, that all stood
still, all was weak

to echo through your soft, murmurous heart 
and pierce your every word.
The dreaming veil strangles your shortening breath
as oceans of pain wash through your open veins and pour to the inviting earth.

To leave not a trace of those moments
that filled the empty halls and cold 
would be to close the shutters on the day(and to dream behind a veil). 
The word that crawled around inside falls away.

