[THE KEEPER OF THE NINTH SHARD:]
So cold are the spaces between the stars...
For blackened suns are the only legacy of worlds long dead.

[ZURRA:]
The key word of Transcendence!
The key word of Transference!
I shall liberate the rightful owners of the Lexicon...
the true rulers of the cosmos!
X'atham-ry'aa! Tha'zai-tonn!
Darker than a score of hells, Wherein astral horrors dwell,
Macrocosmic realms aflame...
Prey of fiends that have no name!
X'atham-ry'aa! Tha'zai-tonn!
Darker than a score of hells...
Where astral horrors sublime dwell,
Macrocosmic realms aflame...
Bow to the gods that have no name!

[THE KEEPER OF THE NINTH SHARD:]
So cold, at the heart of a frozen star...
Stay thy hand and thy tongue, slave of the Outer Darkness...
Surely you are not foolhardy enough to dare awaken the dire titans of Z'xulth!

[ZURRA:]
Hidden within the blazing core of this sun is that which I seek, old one.
Do not seek to thwart me,
lest the horrors of oblivion be a balm to your time-addled mind.
Behold the cosmic codex! The tome of the astral abyss!

[THE KEEPER OF THE NINTH SHARD:]
Such diabolical evil...
sublime macrocosmic malevolence!

[ZURRA:]
Fear is the power... Terror is the key!
X'atham-ry'aa... Tha'zai-tonn!
I am replete with sovereign mastery!
The portals to the Outer Darkness yawn wide once more!
They-Who-Lurk-And-Breed-In-Limbo are free!
Kur'oc! Gul-Kor! I have won... bow, yield, kneel! Darken the sun...
Narra, Gorra, Kaasha! I arise... bow, yield, kneel! Parhelion dies...
Narra, Gorra, Kaasha! I can taste the sweet ichors of omni potency upon my lips...
Let it begin! X'atham-ry'aa j'aiigh! Tha'zai-tonn nax'a-gorrha!

[THE KEEPER OF THE NINTH SHARD:]
So cold, the spaces between the stars...

[ZURRA:]
X'atham-ry'aa... Tha'zai-tonn...

[THE KEEPER OF THE NINTH SHARD:]
Such carnage wrought with your malevolent tongue, dark one...
What unfathomable horrors dwell within the lightless corners of your cursed soul?
Heed not the voice of the Lexicon... lest its whispers drive you mad!

