“… the conditions that allow life in the Universe can only occur when certain universal fundamental physical constants lie within a very narrow range, so that if any of those constants were only slightly different, the universe would be unlikely to be conducive to the establishment and development of matter, astronomical structures, elemental diversity, or life as it is presently understood…”
[Fine-Tuned Universe theory]

“… a single system which is composed of several well-matched interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, wherein the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning is an irreducibly complex system… Take a clock, for example: remove any of the dozens of cog-wheels, and the clock will cease to work any longer. Would you ever doubt that a clock was designed by an intelligent being? Now, take a look at a cell of the human body. Its complexity outdoes even that of the most well-built clock. Try removing any of the refined biological parts, and see what happens. Why doubt it then, that a living cell was also designed by an
intelligent being?”
[Irreducible Complexity theory, Michael Behe]

„Our cells are completely regenerating every seven years; we’ve already become completely different people several times over, and yet we always remain quintessentially ourselves.”
[Waking Life]

“… a single letter of the alphabet is specified without being complex. A long sentence of random letters is complex without being specified. A Shakespearean sonnet is both complex and specified… the chance of anything this complex to occur naturally is 1 in 10 to the power of 150 . It is worthy to note, that the estimated number of stars in the universe is in the magnitude of 10 to the power of 22, the approximate number of atoms is around 10 to the power of 80, so if every single atom of our universe was different, even then we would need millions and millions of such universes to naturally create anything even distantly resembling life as we know it.”
[Specified Complexity theory, William Dembsy]

