[I. Within these walls]

Alone... afraid...
In the dark of the corner he will try to hide his shame...
Where it shows to no one
Nothing wrong in being scared, it will all fall into place
According to his dad
"But son, you just can't tell anyone..."
And there, deep in the night
He gets to kiss the floor once again
And though he fears his father's eyes
That is nothing compared to
The cold touch of his hands...
Of his hands...
His cold touch...

"Wipe those silly tears from your eyes
That show when you look at me
Can't you see that I love you?
I always have and I always will"
You can never turn away from
The hand that rocked your cradle
I've been there through all you have seen
You would be nothing without me"
And there, deep in the night
He gets to kiss the floor once again
And though he fears his father's eyes
That is nothing compared to
The cold touch of his hands...
Of his hands...
His cold touch...
His cold touch...

[II. A silent outside]

You and your staring eyes...
How come you don't welcome me anymore?
I'm still the one you embraced... but now you're disgraced?
A silent outside I once called my home...

Blinded by the shame he turns against the world outside
He just can't seem to understand that they are all just helping hands

While the world was still asleep, he had to pay on his hands and knees
And when the sun came to chase the night away
He would just lie there in pain and pray

He's lost in the void within
He's walking in a circle of nothing
All alone against a silent inside

You and your judging eyes...
How come I have changed while still being the same?
The child you embraced... today a disgrace?
A silent outside I once called my friends...

Blinded by the shame he turns against the world outside
He just can't seem to understand that they are all just helping hands
He walks away now, all alone to find his way
He knows the answers he seeks will not come easily...

A lonely child, against the world outside
He will walk on the path of the abused...
With a smile... to hide...

