They burst my veins to pieces, these wan rats inside
With their jaws so contagious of a disease
As if it dropped like pus from the twelve wings of Sammael
The primeval light inside, gift of god and the holy spirit
It bleeds, so swollen by the bubo of this pest divine
The least traces of the consolation of Eden
Were consumed by this heinous blessing in ashes.

Sola Fide. Sola Deo Infernali Gloria.

Verily I say unto you, there is none righteous enough to resist, no, not one...
For your hands are defiled with blood, and your fingers with iniquity;
Your lips have spoken lies, your tongue has muttered perversity.
The heart of a lost angel is in the earth, the immaculate is abased... forevermore.

Sola Fide. Sola Deo Infernali Gloria.

Neither stormful convulsions nor an apex of light shall break the yoke
For he that keepeth His commandments dwelleth in him, and He in him.
And hereby we know that He abideth in us, by the Spirit which He hath given us

Some rejoice of the children's innocence and smiles
Others of their shameful defloration by the ministers of Christ, swollen by arrogance and lust
Jesus spoke words of wisdom: "Let the children come to me"
What's more enthralling indeed than ruining through them the genesis of life itself?
Dive deep into the blue eyes of the newborn and thou shalt get a glance of heaven
When this dive reveals despair, hideous ruins of the glory of Hell
The serving sons of disobedience proclaim Vengeance belongeth unto Him...

Sola Fide. Sola Deo Infernali Gloria.

Oh how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under the foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant?
Faith and devotion shall be the stones to the temple
Fanaticism and intransigence ignite the flaming crown of malign essence
That is Your host, Lord, and our burden. Hosanna!

Fanaticism and intransigence ignite the flaming crown of malign essence
That is Your host, Lord, and our burden.
Hosanna!

"The essence of Revelation lies in the fact that it is the direct speech of god to man"

Sola Fide. Sola Deo Infernali Gloria.
Seest thou how faith wrought with his works
And by works was faith made perfect?

Sola Fide. Sola Deo Infernali Gloria.
My god and lord of this earth,
you shall henceforth be the sole object of my thoughts.

Sola Fide. Sola Deo Infernali Gloria.
Wilt thou know, O vain man,
that faith without works is dead?

