This is an SCG3 Special Report with Sam Romero.

"Good evening, I'm Sam Romero. We continue our special rapport now on the so-called monster invasion. As of eleven AM today, the president has declared the nation to be under Marshall law. Reports coming in now indicate that mass hysteria continues to spread throughout the globe. It is not yet confirmed by officials what is causing these horrific events, but it is suggested by certain sources that these creatures that are now being spotted throughout the world, are neither human... nor are they wild animals. It is strongly advised that people should stay indoors and if you encounter one of these beings, do NOT try to make contact with them... They will attack without warning! Our very own William Tracey in the sky is now reporting.

[Sam:] Will?...
[William:] Sam! We're here hovering over down-town where the monsters are litterly swarming the city! The freeways are glocked... There is absolutely no way out of down-town. These creatures, they are incredibly strong. A few minutes ago we saw one actually pick up an SUV and throw it in a clump of people. And then... Zoom in on that, yeah. Are we getting that? It's actually looking at us! It's, it's climbing. It's... No, pull up, pull up, pull up!! [explosion]
[White noise]

[Sam:] Will? Ehm, we seem to be suffering from technical difficulties. We'll get back to William Tracy as soon as we get the satellite feed repaired. Hm... In the meantime, we now go live to Joan Carr at the Hellbender Plaza. Joan?...
[Joan:] Sam! I'm standing here with thousands of citizens. The first thing that greeted us when we drove up was the smell of decomposing flesh! The dead are litterly walking the streets! Aah... Even though the people know about the curfew, there is absolutely no trace of police or the military yet. It's understandable that the people feel the urge to get out of their homes and go look for their loved-ones. They don't know what to do and how to cope with all of this. Aah... Something is happening. Eehmm... Oh my God! RUN!!!
[Yelling]
[White noise]

[Sam:] We ehm... seem to be experiencing some more technical difficulties with Joan as well, so... Ehm... I'm just being told that someone is infiltrating our broadcasts. Eh... Are we going off the air?..

[Strange monster voice / Dee Snider:] Good evening, you puny little humans. Don't try to adjust your sat's, we control the transmission. Your deminion of the earth has gone on far too long. You've had your chances, you've blown them all! Now it's time to cut the bullshit. You are a plague! We are forced to take disciplinary action. Behold the sounds that will grind your insides, the sights that will make you blind. Your walls of iron will bend and the seas will run red with your blood. The earth will quake and open its fuming maw swallowing all the heretics and fools on the wide path to hell. The skies will open with a thunderous raw! My little pets will fly out in swarms that will block the sun. They will kiss the flesh off the bones of those who still choose to follow the false prophets. Join us or forever drown in the pit of despair. The Scartic Circle Gathering is now. This is the day of reckoning. This is...
The Arockalypse

