The strength that resides in contemplation
Bathes me in silver starlight
I will lead this beast on a chain of flowers
Fear not the jaws that devour soul

Between two pillars I have sat
Great oxen in the periphery
I ride in full course swift
Through the dark night and the rain pours down

You are a daughter of heaven
12 stars circle your brow
But you do not see them and the rain pours down
Our time in this garden is past

Nature and her spirits are on the horizon
(And witness the stones, they're past their journey, lay down to rest)
And will slaughter them
(And they will go back to the realm...)
To their own horror
(...Far under here in their own sanctuary)
They're all afraid of her, falling still

(Gone to the wild forest, the perilous wood, back to the wild wood, and tell him don't stay here. The crown has overcome him, trying not to remember the past. Where's my armor? It won't be long 'til we get back to the forest. I have my armor, let's hurry to that castle,
unless you don't know that I mean it)

In the candlelight, spirits cry in the night, dancing within my fire

(The religion of your prideness, in your eyes I can see it. As I look in your eyes I think of your last words, that you don't care you you hurt. In your prideness you see nothing at all, and as punishment, you're no longer free in the forest. The tyrant I know is no
longer free in the forest)

Their eyes in disgust of man
Hurry down gather all…
…who are enslaved by an amorousness
Far away, and I'm...
far away, and I will never have your help... your help...
far away...

And I'm not sorry for anything
For I've seen it end
We're not in the darkness
Where we lay our heads
Celebrate the kingdom's throne
How could I, how could I not stay here?
For enough, I'll at least inspire for a long time
I'll heal from the ruin
And the sorrow from all of our loss
No longer there will be ruin
We'll go to our ancestors forever

The strength that resides in contemplation
Bathes me in silver starlight
I will lead this beast on a chain of flowers
Fear not the jaws that devour soul

Between two pillars I have sat
Great oxen in the periphery
I ride in full course swift
Braving the night and the rain pours down
You are a daughter of heaven
12 stars circle your brow
But you do not see them and the rain pours down
I've enjoyed our time in this blessed garden

Into the hall of gold
In your light eyes I can see that it should be mine
In your light eyes, in your light eyes I can see

When the trying winters pass, just hold. They will pass.
My task for you is done.
Just the wolves will find their entrance.

I will rule the night and its darkness. I will rule your better thoughts to quell your frenzied desire

I will rule the night and its darkness. I will rule your better thoughts to quell your frenzied desire

Thanks to tcohn for sending tracks ## 1-4 lyrics.
Thanks to mad sci for sending track #4 lyrics.


