[Music &amp; Words: S. Arkan]

[End of an Epysode...]

[Kallon]
The light is coming back
The darkness returns to the neverland
I'll chase away the sin in my mind
To find something new inside

Tell me about your life
Before I see the last sunset

[Esh]
Now the sun is dying
This is the end of a forgotten secret
I'll go back to the Other Side
And close the doors of silence forever

[Esh - Kallon]
Tell me about your plans
Before you see the last sunset
To change the depraved thoughts of men
To give a future to your children
Through this last Sunset

[Esh]
Now that the sun is dying

[Kallon]
It's the end of a forgotten secret

[Esh]
I'll go back to the other side

[Kallon]
And you'll close the doors of...

[Esh - Kallon]
...silence forever

Tell me about your plans
Before you see the last sunset
To change the depraved thoughts of men
To give a future to your children
Through this last Sunset

[The Children - Kallon]
Tell me about your plans
Before you see the last sunset
To change the depraved thoughts of men
To give a future to your children
Through this last Sunset

[Maymos]
Through the neverland I'm falling
This is the end of a forgotten one
My redemption is done, now I can close my eyes...

EPYSODE: An incident or event that is part of a progression or a larger sequence, a passage between states of consciousness...

Have you ever had the strange sensation of being watched or followed by an invisible presence? What if there really is something or someone watching over us, guiding us from a place which remains unseen and unknown to us? Someone who helps us from the inside, knowing even our deepest thoughts... And what if this guide was not entirely good?

Synopsis File 4180-1

Place: Keystone, a small town located at the centre of a national forest in the northern region of Kentucky, USA. Kallon, a brilliant young profiler, is investigating several cases. The murder of a couple and the disappearance of their 9 year old son Shawn, also the sudden and unexplained disappearance of a man named Devin Khan, age 54.

The presence of our profiler is no coincidence, he's been following another case for a few months that exhibits striking similarities to events that occurred years ago on several recurring dates with a terrifying correlation... 2011-1966-1921-1876-1831...

With the help of colleagues and specialists, Kallon has gained access to police archives and press clippings, which reveal that each of these dates corresponded to a similar "coldcase" file.

In each of these cases, a 9 year old child is kidnapped, the parents of whom are found murdered in the same method of execution. Another disturbing fact... The authorities always find the child alive and unharmed at a later date, imprisoned in an isolated place, with no memory of what happened. Beside the boy, the body of a diseased 54 year old man, whose cause of death cannot be determined by the coroner.

This man is later identified by fingerprint analysis to be the killer of the parents and kidnapper of the child... He lies face down on the floor, wearing a traditional black and golden Venetian mask, which leads investigators to dub him the Bauta Killer.

The "Bauta mask" features a typical Italian representation of a monster or evil beast used to hide one's identity and to scare children.

The police are confounded by the case as they must rule out any possibility of a serial killer, even the existence of copycats and admirers of the original killer are highly unlikely due to that fact that the different acts are so isolated in location and time...

Over the years the case has been branded "spooky" but then simply, dismissed as unexplained. Very few defectives aside from Kallon have chosen to show closer interest.

Through further investigation, Kallon discovers that the deceased man found beside the boy is always the child from the previous case 45 years earlier, who then repeats the scenario at age 54...

What makes these kidnapped children to repeat the acts of their captor 45 years later... ?

Previous story: 2011 - Obsessions

As his investigation continues, Kallon falls prey to frightening visions that he can't explain. Convinced that he is being watched, he feels the need to avoid all mirrors. Through many sleepless nights, he is tormented by strange noises within the walls and ceiling of his apartment. As the days go by he realizes that this case is directly related to his troubles. One night, words appear in the condensation of his bathroom mirror. Someone, or something is trying to send him a message... Kallon will soon be contacted by Esh, a soul coming from "the other world" to reveal the secret of his obsessions. He will learn about the existence of a parallel world, the one man has sought in vain for hundreds of years, the one he cannot explain, the one he loves to fictionalize. A world populated by what Esh calls the "tree ranks".

The Souls, those who are here to help and guide humans on earth during their lives, through the signs that men always believed were "divine" or "that of destiny"...

The Ghosts, condemned to wander unseen to men, because they decided to leave this world before their time...

The Fallen, souls living on borrowed time, former men having committed evil acts during their lives. Now bound in our world until they earn their redemption by taking possession of a human's body and using it to live a "GOOD" life.

The profiler will also learn of Anton Kell (Uss), a soul residing inside of him since birth. This soul's purpose is that of redemption but above all, to seek the one who murdered him, Yae, his former partner in crime with whom he committed so many atrocities.

Unfortunately, Yae does not wish to atone for his sins and continues to take possession of young bodies, in order to commit his cruel acts endlessly, living lives continually dominated by evil. After this revelation, Kallon will see the correlations between the disappearances. He will also discover that Yae currently inhabits the body of tbe 54 year-old man, named Devin, who has probably kidnapped the young Shawn with the aim of taking possession of his body and starting a new corrupted life. The profiler must stop this from happening at all costs. With the guidance of Esh, he will form an alliance with the ghosts who haunt the earth. Therefore, he will enlist the aid of a childhood friend, Valma, a medium who will be his only link to the Other Side. Together they will have to find and convince Maymos the Prince of Shades, leader of the earth roaming Ghosts, to help Kallon in his mission, for he is the only one capable of banishing the fallen forever. At the end Kallon will find the child at a deserted fun fair and Valma will be murdered while trying to create a distraction just before Maymos takes Yae away with him into the never.

At the beginning of all things-the Revelation of Esh:

Existing in a parallel world, are three principal souls, the Immaterial Powers: Ish, the creator, Oos the bringer of life and Esh the guardian of silence.

These souls decided to give evolution a chance, to develop a living race on planet Earth, the Men. Therefore they created soul embryos called Origins, which would implant themselves inside of  "the Men" at birth. This way, the embryos would grow and evolve along with these living beings. After the death of a man, the Origin becomes a soul which is reunited with the 3 founders to guide other earth-bound men from the world of beyond. Never revealing their existence, they guide men through thoughts, ideas and place events in their path in order to help them achieve a so called "better life".

But the three souls had not foreseen that man had two faces, one of innocence and one of a more Machiavellian nature, which may result in a "dark" soul at death.

Seeing this, Oos decided to impose safeguards in order to control this circumstance. Henceforth, men who chose to die by their own hands and to leave the living world earlier than planned, would be condemned to stay on earth, invisible to the living, to become ghosts, wandering souls, lost forever. Meanwhile the corrupt men (criminals, assassins, etc) who pass away, engender tortured and dark souls that are placed back on earth to inhabit a new child's body and start over, directed toward the good path and redemption. Only at the end of that life, can "the fallen" become a good soul and finally be accepted among his own kind.

Cast:
Kelly Sundown - Kallon (The Profiler)
Magali Luyten - Esh (The Soul)
Oddleif Stensland - Yae (The Fallen I Killer)
Liselotte "Lilo" Hegt - Valma (The Medium)
Rick Aitzi - Maymos (The Ghost)
Michael - Shawn (The Child)


