Hear the tales of the pilgrim man
who faced the hate of the goddess
through the fire and through the storm
to the ancient mother

Through the magic splendour
of carthage and Sicilian lands
through the underworld
to the Lavinia shore

[Chorus:]
For the will of fate – from the ashes of the land afire
Through many tears – hear a new birth will rise

How, o Muse, can heavenly minds
Feel hate for such a brave man?
Through bad omens and hard ordeals
he won the promised land

Through the magic splendour
of carthage and Sicilian lands
through the underworld
to the Lavinia shore

[Chorus]

Through many tears… it will rise

[Chorus]

…through many tears… it will rise…
will rise…
…for the will of fate… it will rise…
will rise…

[STORY]
Seven years passed, seven years of pilgrimage, seven years through
the winds and the storms of the seas, seven years had passed after
that fatal day… the fall of Troy. The fleet of the Trojan people who
had survived that tragedy was sailing from Sicily and now was near
Carthage. Inside them the remembrance and the wounds, that those
days had left in their hearts, were still strong.

Dark in his face and lost in his thoughts, the leader of the fleet stood. It
was Aeneas, the Trojan hero with mortal and divine blood, the son of
Anchises and the goddess Venus. His look was lost in the horizon when,
suddenly, a violent storm shattered the ship. Juno, unable to forget her
wrath towards the Trojan people after the judgment of Paris had favoured
Venus, bribed Aoulus to unleash storm winds on them, compelling them
to put ashore in Africa, near Carthage. Venus appealed to Jupiter for
their salvation and he reassured her about their glorious future and a
golden age to come. Venus appeared to Aeneas disguised as a Carthaginian
huntress and told him of Queen Dido and the settlers from Tyre who
had formed the colony at Carthage, surrounded by potentially hostile
peoples. So, aided by his mother, Aeneas reached Dido, receiving a warm
welcome and hospitality. She, also an exiled, responded sympathetically
to his plight and asked him to tell his story. Venus turned her son Cupid
into Aeneas’ son – Ascanius – to make Dido and Aeneas fall in love and to
ensure consequently his safety. Dido’s passion began to rise…

