"Kuolee karja,
kuolee suku,
samaten itse kuolet;
vaan nimi
ei koskaan kuole,
hältä ken on hyvän saanut.

Kuolee karja,
kuolee suku,
samaten itse kuolet;
yhden tiedän
mik' ei kuole:
manalle menneen maine."
(H'vam'l)

Jo luku viimeinen saa,
surmansa kohdannut lepää sijallaan.
Veljet maljan simaa nostavat,
tyhjäksi juovat nimeen vainajan.

Kaunis laiva kantaakseen saa miehen rauenneen,
laskua tuonpuoleiseen se vartoo rannalla.
Aseet, korut, rikkaudet matkamies saa mukaansa,
alla suuren rovion lipuu hautansa.
(Ja katso! Voiko toista niin ylvästä näkyä olla
kuin hiljaisten liekkien kurotus tähtiä kohti.)

Kuolemaan me jok'ikinen kuljemme;
jumalat ovat elävät valinneet.
Veljemme syliin aaltojen laskemme;
jää hyvästi, sinut aina muistamme.

Kunniaa ei miekka voi taltuttaa;
jumalat ovat sankarit nimenneet.
Veljemme tuonen herralle luovutamme;
siis hyvästi - kunnes jälleen kohtaamme.

[English translation:]

[WARRIOR'S TALE]

"Cattle die,
kinsmen die,
likewise you will die;
but the name
will never die,
of one who has done well.

Cattle die,
kinsmen die,
likewise you will die;
one I know
that never dies:
the fame of each one dead."
(H'vam'l)

And so the last chapter is at hand,
who faced his death now rests on his place.
His brothers raise a chalice of mead
and drink it empty in the name of the late.

A craft so beautiful now may carry a peaceful man,
on the shore it awaits release into what lies beyond.
Weapons, jewels, riches the traveller is armed with,
underneath a vast pyre his grave will soon be sailing.
(And behold! Can there be another sight so grand
than of silent flames reaching out for the stars.)

Towards death we all are lead;
the gods have chosen those to live.
Our brother we lay on the lap of the waves;
fare ye well, you stay in our hearts.

Honour no sword can tame;
the gods have recited the heroic names.
Our brother we yield to the father of the dead;
fare ye well - until we meet again.

Line-up:
Henri Urponpoika Sorvali - rhythm and acoustic guitars, keyboards, accordion, mouth harp, backing vocals, handclaps, choir
Ville Seponpoika Sorvali - bass, vocals, handclaps, choir
Baron Tarwonen - thunder percussion, timpani, 12-string, backing vocals, handclaps, choir
Mitja Harvilahti - lead and rhythm guitars, handclaps, choir

Guest musicians
Janne Perttilä: handclaps, choir Avather: handclaps Blastmor: handclaps

Recorded in Tico Tico Studio in August 2001.
Produced by Moonsorrow, mixed by Ahti Kortelainen.
Mastered at Finnvox in August 2001 by Mika Jussila.

The second album (if, reasonably, not counting the cd-release of "Tämä Ikuinen Talvi")

Carrying the vein started with "Suden Uni" far beyond epic and bombastic.
Folkish as always and now also somewhat progressive.

Released on cd by Spikefarm Records in 2001.
Available through Spikefarm Records or from the band directly.




