It's me I hate, not you at all
I am my own medicine,
Turned into a poison

I think I gave you a lot,
And not enough... I know
Tortured myself, same as you,
Without losing my sanity.
Where's my applause?

I see no reason to live in Hell.
How can life make me feel so incomplete?

I had a weakness and my walls came down
My tears won't reach the ground
Burn my new wound

I know I cannot feel regret for anything
If I was numb, I'd end this once and for all
I feel the burn, still...

I cannot face this day, my guards are down
I cannot love myself... weak, sad clown

I see myself, my fading color
I see no hope there... Where I always used to...

I fear your words, the things they mirror
Maybe that is all I am, just a reflection... please help me..

I see no reason to live in Hell
When you smile, you make me feel incomplete

But it's all ending, the clock's rewinding
We don't mean anything to me. You think?
I killed this silence for us to make things right
The words are loaded.

Once connected,
One torso, one head
One solid reason, the pain...
If love's the neck, kept us together, and apart...
Now it's broken...

There is no cast, no real salvation
When it is broken, it will stay that way
Believe me when I say this
I would not if I did not care

Tears don't mean anything
If we don't know when we're sorry
No one will win today we can't play this game... this way

We cannot soar and still stay on the ground
Don't wanna see me, hear me, hate me...

"Hate, hate, hate"

Jealousy's a phantom,
Something that was never, ever meant to find me
But now its pale green eyes have destroyed everything

You know how it must hurt, and I know,
There is nothing you've done to deserve this.

Apology's a policy,
Sometimes it really has to be, it's kept me afloat thus far...

This sure nuf's one nice
loose noose, perfect times...
Are we happy in this hell?
Is there someone who can measure...
Whose pain is bigger?

It all has ended, the clock's rewinded.
We don't mean anything to me. You think?
I killed this silence for you to end the night
The words are loaded

Unprotected, one torso, no head
One valid reason, the life's suspended
If love's the neck that kept us together, and apart...
Now it's broken...

There's no cast, no real solution
When it is broken, it will stay that way
Believe me when I say this
I would not if I did not care

Who needs who, when and what the hell for?
Who wants to suffer and be hardcore?
And who's strong enough to peel off the dead skin...

I cannot face this day, my guards are down.

