[performed by Arkha Sva]TONIGHT YOU WILL ATTEND at this sabbathickall feast, with your own child. Your child shall be double-baptized
tonight, under the Devil's name. First you throw as many disdaining words to the redhaired whore. Then you
infringe over the cross and the saints' statue into thousands of tiny fragments. The second life of your child has
begun, only when both of you have thrown all of those errors into hellfire. You will never more return to your former
faith. You will as soon burn the doctrine of the church. You love only Him, and only in Him you believe. Your child
declares respectfully in kneeling down before the Devil. Right. So then in exchange you are granted to enjoy the 
pleasure that you have never experienced on earth. says sonorously the Devil. Your child will recognize that Hell
exists much higher than heaven! Hell exists much higher than heaven! The signature of the contract formation is
engraved with the Devil's nail. Baptism within unclean water, that knows everything about filth. Now your child
has the new name. The mortgage of this contract is the corpse and the soul of an unknown infant. And again your
child promises the obedience to the Devil, in kneeling down in the centre of this cursed circle. Satan lord, on his
black book of Death, now adds your name on its page. O lord Satan. You promise that you will sacrifice anything
for him, lord satan. Every month, you will murder a baby and sip the blood. As compensation for your sin in the 
past, every year you will devote him a blackened sacrifice, one that he loves the most... Engraved tonight on his breast
is the second signature, the second bruile of the mighty Devil. The call of the first cock tells the end of tonight's
sabbathickall feast. The end of the Pagan dimension, the death of the Great God Pan has been and is repeated in this
way. In the light of the sunrise, the tall Goat God changes its figure into a black tree. The fires and all the things of
the feast melt down in the light, and gently disappear like sand in blowing wind. You and your child, however, have 
got your new God tonight. Endure your days, and again you can turn back here. Here is the feast of your God. And
here you can be so filled with the greatest pleasure, letting fade the pains that the messiah left on you away.



