[La Grande Aventure du Petit Viking et de son Fidèle Compagnon]

Hear out sons of the northen soils,
Come and grab your pint, sit next to the fire,
Story's 'bout a lad, name's Dismirlarff
Very strong, very brave, and dumb as shite !

But hey ! a Viking knows no fear
He once tamed a beast, God knows how he did.
A strong, fearsome creature from old stranger tides
Baptized it Messy from the mess it did.

Lay lay, drink another pint,
Pour some beer, pour some wine
Let's just fake we give a damn
Hear the stories of old times
Times, drink another pint,
Pour some beer, pour some wine
Let's just fake we give a damn
Hear the stories of old times

(For you see...)
He brought home the scaly monster
thought he could make a pet of it or sort
Fetch the skull, catch seagulls, that kind of crap
Even tried to feed it with a royal crab !

But hey ! A monster doesn't get comfy
They strive for air and also, fresh meat.
It ate his mom', classic joke, good laugh,
It poured out some ale, and it was enough

Lay lay we can't get no pint
Neither beer, neither wine
This time we'll all give a damn
Chase it back now to its time !
Lay lay we can't get no pint
Neither beer, neither wine
This time we'll all give a damn
Chase it now back to its time !

And so they made the monster flee,
Of course the boy followed
The thing is, he never sailed. Dumb dumb, remember ?
So he crashed and died, The end.

Nah, just kidding.
Did you really think I'd shut my trap for the rest of the song ?
No...
He woke, out of his time,
on a nameless shore,
within the flaps of messy

Where amz I ? And whyz the skies so purples ?
Argh the boats is smashed... But at least I has you, my friends.
Does you knows hows to comes back ?
What’s this? A ghosts?
And where does this drums comes fromz ?
Now what ?

- Well… What do we have here ?
A lost soul, no doubt about it…
- Yes, sir, can you tells me hows to goes home ?
- I fear this is not possible, for you see…

You just fell on the other side
Of the coin, if I may say so (Ah! Ah! Ah!)
But... with this beast of yours,
We could get rid of this tattered sails
And rise again, chasing the lighthouse,
The fleeing one, the one that caused our death
If we reach it, we may find the peace,
AT LAST !

- But I cant seez no lights
- You will !
- But I cant seez no lights
- You will !
Son of the northern soils, awaken !
Get off your mortal coil, chase the beacon !

- But there iz nothing here
- THERE IS!
- Oh, maybe a glimmer
- That's it ! Hold on to that thought, now try and open your eyes
- I CAN SEE THE LIGHT AT GRASP
SO BRIGHT BLINDING MY SIGHT
IT BURNS MY EYES!

Now I know where I must go
The fate has set a course for me
Now I know that I must go
Right where the blindings lighthouse does flees

[Violent beheading of a beer]
And so our dearest found a purpose for his life
Even though he was long dead
Kind of silly if you ask me,
But hey ! I warned you, right ?

(Hear the cry of the lamprey crawling around your neck, Its infinite teeth swirling, driving you to the pits of nothingness)

Oh oh, there is no way to go back home now,
Only the waves to bear witness now,
Trapped in yourself, you won't hold long now,
Weak just behold your own madness now,
there is no way to go back home now,
Only the waves to bear witness now,
Trapped in yourself, you won't hold long now,
Weak just behold your own madness now...

