[Music by Eye of Odin, Lyrics by Cody Scott]

Pushing the lines of my brothers
Charging on into the fray
The sweat and the mud and the smell of the blood
Carry me on to a tale of history

Surrounded, outnumbered, five hundred to one
We’ll taste of defeat on this day
By the will and the glory of Thor’s iron hammer
Carry me on to a tale of victory

Surrounded, outnumbered, no hope of retreat
The brothers will lay in the dirt
Blade slash, blood splash, move past, war!
Killing for glory, my place by the king
To hallow the hall of Valhalla
Blade slash, blood splash, kill fast, war!

I run into battle engorged with the rage
I’ll kill many men on this day
Bringing destruction, the dance of the brothers
In the frenzy of our final melee
My blade and my hammer, my tooth and my nail
Are tasting the blood of many!

Swinging the hammer, thrusting the blade
My enemies fall to the dirt
Blade slash, blood splash, kill fast, war!
Killing for glory to bathe in their entrails
And wade through the blood of many!
Move past, kill fast, world smashed, blood bath!

I have fallen
Who knows when I was struck?
My face swells with pain
And my tongue rings with the tang of blood
As I rise I see the field
Is covered with the carrion bird
Above, the ravens peer down
Circling the front line of battle
I have been resting it seems
While my brothers are fighting on
I am not done yet!
I have not yet earned my place!
I have no honour!
I have not earned my stay in Valhalla!
As I take to foot
Wading through the bodies
Of my enemies and my brothers
I’m reminded of the tale of Ragnarok
The greatest of all wars!
I’ll fight!

I run into battle unable to see
Blinded by the blood of many
By the will and the glory of Thor’s golden hammer
Carry me on to a tale of history

Surrounded, outnumbered, I know my defeat
I’m wasted against this foe
By my wife and my family, my son and my homeland
I cannot allow victory!

Surrounded outnumbered no hope of retreat
The brothers now lay in the dirt
Move fast, blade slash, blood splash
Killing for glory, my place by the king
To hallow the hall of Valhalla
Move fast, kill fast, until the last is defeated!
The blood of many, the blood of many, the blood of many, war!

