[Lyrics by: Damna]

(To cut the strings, to end their lives
No mercy, pity, no false disguise
Morte, Amore, Death and Love
Behold their pain from high above)

Pale moon skies
Witnesses of my inner pit of commotion
Chaos rise!
To desecrate my last hidden sense of devotion

Loose like never before the break point of my life is bonded by chance
and reasons frail like crystal glass near to fall on a million spikes

I've never - just never - he never loved as much as he loves her now
My only sweet hearthold - His only sense of bliss
The hangman - merciful abyss - eradicating black souls from the guildty
My wonder - to plunder the sad emotions of a bleeding soul - love - dead heart

Cursed to see her beloved dying by his own hand - by mistake
No mistake for the Lady in black!

Romance and Wrath

See the fire that washes away
the wrath of chaos
Torn is the romance
The illusion is lost again
She is lying on the stake
with no life in her eyes
Torn is the romance
The illusion is lost again

Kiss now the dead skin on her cheek
Useless is my touch my breath my heat

Condemned to suffer for so long
What did I do to deserve this thing
- so wrong?

They destroyed the heart of innocence today
The heart of innocence

Now you enter my reign so I can better feel your pain
It's not your time but you'll soon meet the Lady with the Scythe

I found myself this path through hell - now I realize!
The pain the suffering She's stealing from my eyes - feel my wrath!

Don't want all this to happen - now I understand!
The lady with the Scythe - may She be damned!

Now you're mine all mine!
Your pain speaks books to me so finally everything
I see now I don't need you anymore
It's not your time not yet

I found myself this path through hell - now I realize!
The pain the suffering She's stealing from my eyes - feel my wrath!

Don't want all this to happen - now I understand!
The lady with the Scythe - NO!

See the dusk that runs away
The change of seasons
Born is the romance
The illusion is here to stay
She is lying on the grass
with full life in her eyes
Born is the romance
The illusion is here to stay

She is living once again
and he will never remember - it's not their time
- Not yet

I've never - just never - he never loved as much as he loves her now
My only sweet hearthold - His only sense of bliss
The hangman - merciful abyss - eradicating black souls from the guilty
My wonder - has plundered!!

Pale moon skies
Witnesses of my inner pit of commotion
Chaos rise!
To desecrate my last hidden sense of devotion

Loose like never before to break point of my life is bonded by chance
and reasons frail like crystal glass near to fall on a million million spikes

You're my slave in your grave

