I've tried to wash off my makeup, but it won't go away. I've thrown
my wig into the fire hundreds of times, but it won't burn. It's just
lying there, refusing to catch fire while the wood is cracking and glowing.
I can no longer discern my face in my dreams. All I see is the white
mask, the round red nose and the painted smile. I look at the clown
in my dream. He laughs at me and says that he is me. Then he asks
me to pull the wig. I do, but it won't come off. The more I tear the
more he laughs.
"See what I have become", he says, and gives me a sad facial expression.
Then he points at his face. Tears are running down his cheeks, I
lean forward and start licking them. When I feel that taste I close my
eyes. His tears taste like alcohol.
"Take it easy", he says and pushes me away. "If you continue it will
be impossible to separate us".
But he doesn't stop crying. His tears are just pouring down and
messing up his makeup. I can't stop myself. I grab his neck and pull
him towards me. Once again I start licking his cheeks, greedily
drinking from him. I lick his face all the way up to his eyes. Inside
my head I hear him laughing.
"There you go", he says, and then he's gone.
I turn around but it's all dark.
"You see", he says inside my head. "Now we're one."

They found him lying down in a corner
They woke him up and helped him get dressed
Nobody bothered, just part of the daily routine
To get the worn-out clown ass on stage

He fell and mumbled something unchhristian
Got up and started doing his thing
Children were laughing, the ringmaster rubbing his hands
Regardless of the state he still was...

The funniest man alive
A genius lunatic, charmingly mad and bizarre
For certain he is number one
When he's not around
They say he's just a tragic drunken clown

he dropped his curly wig on the wet grass
He leaned against the fence and threw up
He's breathing was heavy and mentally he was done
Another day at the circus my friends

He heard how they began to approach him
He turned around and straightened his back
He gave them his famous, infectious trademarked smile
Half-hidden under messed up makeup

The funniest man alive
A genius lunatic, charmingly mad and bizarre
For certain he is number one
When he's not around
They say he's just a tragic drunken clown

"Hey, my little friend", he greeted a kid
But the child took a step back and said to his mom:
"Mom, I think there's something wrong with the clown"
"Yes, there is, now let's go"
Then he fell to the ground

He sat down on the grass, he was tired
His bottle had been smashed in the fall
But that was not why he was crying

