No Evil Spirit!
No Evil Demon!
No Evil god!
No Evil Fiend!
No Evil Spell!
No Enchantment!
No Sorcery!
No Shadow of the Night!

No Evil in the world or Under it
Over the world or inside the world
May seize upon me of here
Barra Ante Malda!!

I have put upon me the fiery star of the heavens, the potent disk upon my head
Thus the spirit of a watcher may stumb upon me to exorcise the gate of fiends
The gate of that of Inna from the realm avast before Elder Gods in their name i...
Hear as i have said Ancient ones who would have brought Evil upon the world... 
(The World)

I am the one who would call upon the Elders to exorcise Inna from this realm
Barra Ante Malda Inna! To lift me to favor with the Elder gods for the name
I invoke the gods of night that they may come forth... Come to the desert!
Edin na Zu Mulla Xul! Alal I have summoned you forth in the praise of battle...
Upon the inflamed arc of portal claws of the Xul rise and strike with unheard fury!
Enemy of my master Enki! I assail you! I assure you! As Alal strikes upon thee..
With fists of fire and rays of fury the Ancient one attacks the power of Enki!

Upon the mountains of Ashu my master Enki calls.. Escape! I flee over mountains
Of time from the fury of ancient powers that i may recover strength for battle
Incense has burnt the light of our time... Destroying the fragments of light of Elders
Slept in the crevice for centuries the ancient ones have over taken our realm..

The Elders of past times have gone from this realm claimed by Alal and ancients
Over mountains of the Xul they sense my steps and send the watcher to assail...
The Elders of past times have gone from this realm claimed by Alal and ancients
Over mountains of the Xul they sense my steps and send the watcher to assail...

Lords of... Elder flame... I call... The name... Invoke thee
... Elder flame... I call... Invoke thee... Lords of!

Offering... brought me to the land, of Alal's Xul liege...
Horde! Ancients are the coven of Xul! Beckon the covens of Anu!
Offering... brought upon the land, of Alal's Xul liege...
Horde! In name of the coven of Xul! Invocating the gate of Enki!

Seized me here!

In the coven... The watcher comes to me
In the coven... Come rise before Anu
In the coven... Unwaking time is Enki
Hear me call the name!

Exode the ancient power from this realm of plane
That would have brought forth the malevolence
To conquer the Elder fathers of time long forgotten
I call to you Elder spirits that you may empower me

In the coven... The watcher comes to me
In the coven... Come rise before Anu
In the coven... Unwaking time is Enki
Hear me Elders!

Cease to lie beneath the mountains of ancient Kur in his wake
Iak Sakkak has not risen from the depths to where i call the name
Enki is pale with fear as the watcher has called upon legions
I beckon elder wisdom and summon in me infernal powers

Bestowed! The elder powers!
Flowing! The infernal fires!
Rising! The lamenting of a age not long forgotten!
Fiery! The wake of!
Forsake! Realms of Xul!
Risen! the lamenting of an age not long forgotten!
Bestowed! The ancient powers!
Flowing! The infernos fires!
Rising! The lamenting of a age not long forgotten!
Fiery! The waking of!
Forsake! Realms of Xul!
Risen! the lamenting of an age not long forgotten!

Anu rises before me spouting blasphemy!
Searing, burning, i chant ancient tomes
Elder scrolls incant the names of Marduk
Surmise Anu in all his splendor infernos

Inchanted is the land once known by the fathers of time of the watcher in all his splendor
Then heard the call was Enki from time ago returned with rays of fire and infernos of fury
Upon the fragments of what would be Anu, Enki stole the crown of time for his throne
In vengeance Enki lashed upon the corpse of Anu with might and a fury from times of ago
Never to see the light of Shammash bound eternally in the darkness of death Anu Barra!
Zi Dingir Anna Kanpa! Gone forth to the desert in the name of Enki and the elder fathers
Enki placed the crown of Anu upon his land gaining the wisdom and power of the Ancient
With strength Enki rose to the sky curse the Ancient in the name of all that have fallen from

No Evil in the world or Under it
Over the world or inside the world
Hath seized upon me of here
Barra Ante Malda!!

With all the power of a land over wrought with Evils and horrors of Anu and his liege
The Watcher appears with light of blinding of the eyes of shammash to speak forth
In the name of the covenant i besiege you Enki this is how it will be written and spoken
The Elder fathers have rid the land of the Xul from Ancient gods and broken the coven

Lest it be told as it has been done....

