[This album is the first part of the trilogy, "Rise of the Cursed Son".
The script of the three parts is already written.
It focuses on a young character, called Antoine, who rejects parental authority as well as socio-religious taboos, who is drawn towards the supernatural and who's got an unbridled sexuality.

This first part serves to introduce the characters and their psychological profiles and allows the plot to slowly unravel.

The Earth, in the 1980's
The geopolitical, technological, sociological and religious evolution of the planet is identical to the one we know.
However, the esoteric evolution is different.
The Great Circle of the Archmages has sensed the arrival of 7 Higher Forces on our planet.
Those Forces have started to manipulate senior human dignitaries in order to prepare their arrival.
One of the Archmages (Antoine's father) has developed a ritual to banish one of these Lords and prevent an earthquake from destroying Los Angeles.
The ritual requires the sacrifice of a child born for that purpose and gifted with a magical force necessary for the ritual.
The sacrifice will have to be carried out in his sixteenth year.
Antoine was born on January 10th 1983.

The Earth, in 1999 - beginning of the action
The date of the ritual approaches.
Christina, Antoine's mother, manages with the help of the father to take the place of her son during the ritual and thus spares his life.
When Antoine enters the house, he finds his mother sacrificed on an altar.
His father is absent.

It is December 24th 1999.
The Lord is not banished from the planet and the impact of the earthquake is only slightly diminished.
A part of Los Angeles is safe but most of the West coast is submerged by a tidal wave, generated by the earthquake.
Help from the Church comes quickly.
The young people are spread out throughout the different parts of the camp where the friars welcome the wounded.
Clyde, one of Antoine's friends, meets a member of his family there who's actually a member of the Church.
His religious indoctrination begins.
Then, the young people get acquainted with the extremist side of the Inquisition (which still meets in 1999 though clandestinely) as the monastery is suddenly attacked by various creatures and an elite group.
Antoine becomes aware of his magical potential, thanks to the spell that his father cast upon him when he was conceived, and starts to experiment with all kinds of deviant magic.
The domination of and the quest for knowledge becomes a real obsession for him.
He denies his father and all sorts of authority or submission.
Victim of Lilith's manipulations (the Queen of the succubus), he sinks into chaos, perversion and nihilism.
The Chaos Prophet is born.]

[Storyteller]
Come on all and listen to this story, a mystical tale.
I hope you will understand the fable.

[Succubus voices to Antoine]
Come and pray.

[Storyteller]
Maybe, those characters don't come from another world,
I'll tell you the story of their lives.

[Succubus voices to the audience]
Chaos is the only guide for you,
Chaos Prophet leads you to the way.

[Storyteller]
His father was a young archmage who had a dream,
He wanted to purify the world.

[Succubus voices to Antoine]
Come and pray.

[Storyteller]
He had cast a spell on his son to make him stronger.
He had to sacrifice his wife.

[Succubus voices to the audience]
Chaos is the only guide for you,
Chaos Prophet leads you to the way.

[Lilith and their legions]
"Open your mind
To my faith Follow me.
Leave their rotten world
To follow the Chaos Prophet."

[Antoine to the audience]
Welcome into my life
Listen, understand and learn,
My nightmare is yours now!

[Antoine speech]
- Ô déesse de la nuit, ton nom je sanctifie.
Ton symbole je brandis contre mes ennemis impies.
Que les faibles périssent et que les larves pourrissent.
Priez et méditez jeunes fous car
"Que par mon verbe s'éveille votre esprit."
Fidèles! Venez et combattez,
Que ma Parole soit Loi et que Parole soit Foi.
Joignez-vous tous à moi
Et que mon règne vienne.
AMEN. -

[Storyteller]
Revenge, hate and misanthropy will always burn him,
Perversion's shining in their eyes.

[Succubus voices to Antoine]
Come and pray.

[Storyteller]
Domination with the Knowledge is Antoine's obsessions.
Rebellion leader is born now.

[Succubus voices to the audience]
Chaos is the only guide for you,
Chaos Prophet leads you to the way.

