Well I waited till you packed your bags,
Took a picture and hoped it would last,
With you all the way through,
All the nights you and I couldn’t have.
Now I know that it shouldn’t be this hard,
But you’ve moved yourself so damn far.
And I won’t suffice,
When there’s two thousand miles to drive.
I’m thinking it over,
I’m thinking of all the days and nights
We would spend laughing.
Are you happy...

In Colorado, with the mountains,
Did you like them?
Did you find what you’re looking for?
Because I’m still searching for the life we were living before...

You seem so young and so full of life,
While I’m getting older with each hopeless night.
You’re still always on my mind,
Are we through this time?
Well angels should ask you,
What you’re doing with me.
I’m an apple who slipped too far from the tree.
But I’m learning to rot away silently,
As you grow into something more promising.
And now we’ve got these god damn words,
That mean nothing when I can’t see your face,
Or have your body for touching.
And everything I eat,
It tastes like you,
So what are you trying to prove,

In Colorado, with the mountains,
Did you like them?
Did you find what you’re looking for?
Because I’m still searching for the life we were living before.
And if I dropped everything and booked a flight,
From Logan to Denver, that my plane would crash that night,
'Cause the odds are against us,
So all bets are off,
Just know you meant more than I ever could want.

I’m giving up . . .
(Just give me one more time...)
If just for one more night,
Then I’ll be happy to walk away.
You could put on that dress you know I love,
Taking your time zipping it up,
You always knew what I liked.
They'd base movies off our lust, but somehow they wouldn't suffice.

(So just take your time)
You’ve got moves and abuse them,
(Live your life)
And I’ve got pictures to prove them,
(You're not that far away,
I'm sick of every word I wish you'd say)
I'm sure You’re burning every note I ever sent,
So I’ll find you,

In Colorado, with the mountains,
Did you like them?
Did you find what you’re looking for?
Because I’m still searching for the life we were living before.
And if I dropped everything and booked a flight,
From Logan to Denver, that my plane would crash that night,
Cause the odds are against us,
So all bets are off,
Just know you meant more than I ever could want.

