I am the master I am the almighty
Creep into your worst nightmare
Suffer my diabolic shadow
Just for the fun i decide...
Who may live and who must die
I don't care who, how and when...

Line-up:

David L. (vocals &amp; lyrics)
Rudy M. (drums)
Stoffel (bass)

Edito:

Hail... this is an edito by the C.O.O. members.

We David, Rudy and Stoffel, are also members of more intricated and technical
bands as Nyctofobion (death-metal) and Sol Invictus (doom-metal).

The original line-up is David L. (vocals &amp; lyrics), Rudy M. (bass), Stoffel H.
(bass) and Ludo M. (drums) but we changed it for a year because Ludo is not
able to play during this period. Because we are really in love with more
extreme music, we decided to re-erect C.O.O.

Our hobbies are studying the sick, gore, extreme sides of mankind. We read a
lot of books, interviews, articles, we also watch a lot of horror movies and
stuff like that.

We know that most of it is fiction, but there are also many sick people all
over the world who really do it... Fucking reality!!! People such as serial
killers, mass killers, pedophiles, rapers, necrophiles, cannibals... etc...
We know that our lyrics are quite sick, gore, etc... but they are pure
entertainment.

WE ARE ALL ON THIS GLOBE TO LIVE OUR LIVES... SO RESPECT HUMAN LIFE!!!!!!!!!

We are against all those assholes who think they know everything better...
especially those idiots who tell us that we can't smoke, that we can't drink,
etc... a big FUCK OFF to all of you!!!!!!!!! We will continue to live our own
lives and we hope that you will do the same.

Because of all our activities in the underground we are in contact with many
underground members worldwide (by the way... hello brothers!!!) We are very
happy to be part of this great family, but... we noticed that grind is not
really 100% accepted. That's really too bad because there are a lot of great
grindbands out there... so ...try to write/contact them... if you don't have
grind-addresses, write to us and we will send you some. At last we would like
to ask that all freaks out there who have articles, videotapes, audiotapes,
pictures, addresses or whatever dealing about the sick people our lyrics deal
about, write to us... we can trade information!!!

Ok... we're going to stop with this edito now... We hope that you like this
release and if you do, watch out for upcomming stuff:

- A split-EP with LAST DAYS OF HUMANITY
- A split-EP with SARCASTIC TERROR on Dark Side Records.
- A grind compilation-EP on Dark Side Records.

ENJOY OUR TAPE, RESPECT HUMAN LIFE AND KEEP SUPPORTING THE UNDERGROUND WITH
THE RIGHT ATTITUDE... HAIL!!!!!!!

The stories behind the lyrics

MEAT

Nowadays it's cool to be a vegetarian. Carcass started to spread words that
they were vegetarians. So.. because Carcass chose that lifestyle many fans,
fakers and asskissers also wanted to be called vegetarians. Well... FUCK! The
three members of C.O.O. are carnivores!!!!!! We will eat meat as long as we
want to...

HORROR

Nothing special about this song. Horror is a nice word and it stands for many
interesting things.

THE MORGUE FEAST

This song is based on true stories. A lot of sick people (especially serial
killers) drag their victims to their houses or apartments. Once they get
there, they dismember the bodies and cover the whole place with human entrails
and bodyparts. It's quite sick, but it happens...

IN SICKNESS ...

This song is about feelings or situations that scare off most of the people.
That's too bad... If we would be all immune to those feelings, we would
probably understand more about the history of mankind. All those primitive
battles... etc... We would also be much further when it comes to all the
insane killers who terrorize our globe, lives at this moment.

FUCKING WHORE

This song is a tale about a sick bastard who crucifies a girl against his
wall. He insults her, dissects her...

DANCE MACABRE

This song is dedicated to George Harfouche!!! It's a tale about zombies who
kill people to make those innocent victims look like they do. It's quite nice,
sick and dark... This song is not based on true stories unless zombies exist.

CANNIBALISTIC INTENT

This song is also about the hard reality. Cannibalism exists!!! A lot of
serial killers eat pieces of the human bodies. For them it's a delicacy,
although tests made clear that human flesh is very unhealthy. Sick but true!!!

A SERIAL KILLER MEMOIRE

Well... it's known that serial killers do eat parts of their victims. In this
song the existence of a four year old boy is mentioned. It's disgusting,
but... reality is sometimes sicker than we expect. Serial killers murder as a
compulsive way of life.

THE SPREE KILLER

A spree killer, kills for fun... he doesn't care when, how, who, howmany
victims, etc... it's a killingmachine...


