Distraught fathers of forgotten sons, now band together in defiance,
We stand undimed defiant of oppression abidingly abhorrent,
One from many of many one fathers of sons and wives abandoned,
Our enemies destined to die suffer attrition disease and famine!

Tonight black boiling clouds obscure the dappled starry sky,
The constellations remain hidden from my eyes,
The bleak forewarning speaks of our demise,
We shall mourn our king or sacrifice our mother!

Messenger of the wretched bastards envoy that seeks surrender,
Wallow down in the earth and water for what you seek you can dig it out yourself,
Side by side we stand, my brothers do not wish for foreign things,
Weapons in hand never surrender Molon Labe come and take them!

Defy the raining arrows as they blot out the sky,
So much the better we shall fight beneath their shade,
Four days awaiting for the cede that never comes,
And on the fifth ten thousand cowards to the slaughter!

Arise the cliffs, climb high the sea, it mocks us from below,
The hot gates, our only allies we defy,
The second wave, our foes drop down one by one,
Over the mountain of the dead, they crawl only to die!

Saturated in sweat and blood, we stand with our brothers beneath the flood,
Defiant in strenght, honor and pride the flames of hatred burn behind our eyes!

One last stand only we remain, with hands and teeth we defend our domain,
Raining arrows, we meet our demise, from the depths we scream our last cries!

Traitor, we fall by your poisoned words,
Betrayer, you our blackest nightmare!

Clandestine council at dawn, were left behind to stand and fight,
Mourn now, cursed oppressor, we claim your brother's blood tonight!
We stand with your leader and brother we fight with you with our last breaths, brother!
Forty years you return to mother, we remain eternally, we lie, we lie!

The blood of fifty thousand fallen stain our spears, our faces, our hands,
The air still overwhelmingly, thick with the acrid stench of the dead,
Epitaph of the fallen, eternally our pledge remains,
Go tell our brotherss pesserby that here by their law we lie,
we lie!

