In the hands of the unnamed one 
The Heart of Ahriman burns bright 
Alien science or black magik 
Python's purple towers rise 

The time is come 
Acheron 
Raised from the dust 
Acheron 
The serpents rise 
Acheron 
Mankind's demise 

Metamorphose of the planet 
Mountains crumble to the sea 
Come the tides of war and chaos 
Now the race of man shall bleed 

The time is come
Acheron 
Raised from the dust 
Acheron 
The serpents rise 
Acheron 
Mankind's demise 

Gleaming spires touch the sky 
Vampire flights every night 
Serpents eyes none can hide 
Mortal cries from the fires 

Midgard's fate war and pain 
Ancient hate man made slave 
All hope fades world in flames 
Loss of faith end of days 

Inside the temple of the Old Ones 
The Heart of Ahriman still beats 
Bringing the plague of decimation 
The likes the world has never seen 

The age of man is gone forever 
The sons of demons rule the earth 
born out of fire a new world order 
Brought forth by Acheron's rebirth

E. C. Hellwell ‒ Keyboards, Synthesizer, Vocals (backing) Bass
Johnny "Thumper" Benson ‒ Drums, Guitars, Bass, Vocals (backing)
Mark "The Shark" Shelton ‒ Vocals (lead &amp; backing), Guitars (Electric &amp; Acoustic)

Recorded at Midgard Sound Lab, Wichita, Kansas.
Recording engineers: Mark Shelton, Derek Brubaker &amp; Bryan Patrick.
Mixed by Mark Shelton at Midgard Sound Lab.
Mastered by Steve Falke at Cornerstone Studios, Wichita, Kansas.
Art direction, artwork &amp; design by Alexander von Wieding.
Photography by Richard (Thorgrim) Cathey.

Special inspiration and research by Derek (Dr. Doom) Brubaker.

"The Strange Case of Dr. Henry Howard Holmes" inspired by The Case of Herman Webster Mudgett.
"Eaters of the Dead" inspired by the book of the same name by Michael Crichton.
"Keepers of the Devils Inn" inspired by the case of the Bloody Benders of Kansas.
"Acheronomicon" inspired from the short story of the same name by Ernest Cunningham Hellwell.

Beyond the Boundaries of Sin is dedicated to H.P. Lovecraft, Robert E. Howard and all of us that have continued to contribute to the Cthulhu Mythology.

The song "Deadly Nightshade" was originally set to appear on Manilla Road's 2011 album Playground of the Damned.




