As diamonds scattered in the dark, from the black side of the maleficent glass.
Nocturnal eyes reflects in me - the Mirrorland.
Spellbinding whispers, enticing songs of Sirens, to the rhythm of my enraptured heart,
so the blood pounds raging through my veins, to the perpetual pulse of dark.
Now ice-cold fingers licks my flesh, like frozen caresses by the dead.
When the final corporeal breath within my lungs I breathe with ease.

So close the door behind my back - unmask reality.
Reveal the secrets of thy heart - oh Mirrorland.
In thy embrace, I shall not fear, though the temporal tempt will never blind me here.
Into thy open arms, thy chaperon warmth, my disguise will fall.

From the heaving darkness I behold, myself on the other side of the glass.
In flesh and blood, an empty shell of memories.
As a statue gazing back at me, a photographic mirage.
A reflection of me still in his hollow eyes, frozen in time.

I turn my head and walk away, throughout my darkened inner maze.
Through veils of memories and dreams, frozen to ice inside of me.
But as I walk this narrow path, I see that everything is glass.
Like mirror walls surrounding me. I can not flee!

Thick fluid fog, fused with the dark, as veils of blackened diabolic art,
with malicious strength, as an entity, as an invisible noose, it tries to strangle me.

So warm, the embalming caress through my skin, and withering body.
Snuffed by the flickering fingers of death. A blood tasting gust of graven aroma,
sweet upon my lips - (as I taste) - the other side.

The kiss of death, like poison through my veins, every breath like claws inside of me.
In the living shades a face appears. I can not move, but my gaze is crystal-clear.
A grin upon his bloodless lips reflects within the darkness of my eyes.

Through doors, where behind the unknown hides,
searching pieces to the puzzle of my life.
Through the black meanders of my mind, through dreams and time.
Forever more my soul will crawl, within the corners of mirror walls.
Trying to flee, to escape from dark, but I am trapped within the endless halls.

I walk away from my reflection, but the shadow of me has engraved itself on the glass.
Etched in the black secret side of the door to the unknown, invisible dreams,
In Mirrorland-forever more.

