Moonlight strings are dancing, a violin spectrum upon the twilight mirage.
As shades in the specular surface, music surge, the ocean of night.
Flickering stardust in rapture, tones of midwinter drama.
Unwritten notes - cosmic sparks - painted within the fluid waves of dark.
Requiem - or an astral salute to her birth.

From the sky an angel falls, in radiant white luminescence.
Thorny arms embraces her, in thirsty claws ensnared.
Entangled by her web of pleads, enswathed - in a womb - cocooned.
Emaciated - drained of blood - shivering - convulsive.

The holy Virgin - Mary - Demonica...

Metamorphosis - within chrysalis sleep. Slumbering in dream lands of the deep.
Her broken wings of innocence, now raven-feathered.
From grace to black, the plague divine. Her holiness succumb to dark.

The dark within her sacred heart - redeemed, bursted through her shell of purity.
Blood from angels tearing flesh to weep.
From Celestial heights pours streaming down death's steep.
By blood reborn - ascending from the tomb - in darkly splendor.
A tiara of stars upon the canopy realm - her spanless wings.

And so she raise, as a dragon ebony-veiled.
With ruby eyes, like embers 'neath her crown of sacramental spine.
Baptized in blood, a hidden smile behind Medusa's mask.
In a Danse Macabre, furies by her side.
Her shadow, the dark horizon before my eyes, as black as night.
Goddess of plague and blight - Demonica...

"My breath of frost to petrify, to drench thee into slumber.
In dreams kept in captivity, now free to inverse the throes".
Demonica - like poetry - thy voice within my slumber.
Erotica and endless dreams, like plague to pierce my heart.
The maidens web, as a deadly sheet.
I lay my head upon her knees - to sleep.
In dreams like beams of moonlight streams - her voice infest my rest.

A flicker past the eyelid-shield. Of dreams or veiled reality?
My naked eyes deceived, my mind remains asleep.
Deep within my universe, chimeras are sniffing their shadows,
dancing raptures of purgatory, spawned by the witchcraft of Eve.

