Tragedy. Blood-wept patters of Eden within my dreams. Mors iauna vitae!
Requiem - aeternam dona eis, Domine. Whispering choirs within the dark.

I lay as dead, my graven dreams as memories, of the enchanted garden.
As the dark is creeping through my coffin sleep, with a sour perfume,
the putrid stench of withered flesh - weeping.

Once bewildering bright, in Elysian bloom, the garden stood vast, as an Arcadian dream,
but chaos arose with malicious intent, to smother the orchards with grim eerie veils.
Petrified angels, dead featherless black, fell as overriped fruits from their haven,
to drown as sinners, in sulphur steam drenched,
in the damp bloodless vein of Phlegethon-Bath!
Sculptured to be...

Marble angels of melancholy, statues of stone by my grave, as sentinels sobbing,
with wings draped in frost, for heavenly life they crave.

The midwinter storms to scatter the leaves, thin and brittle as ice,
as stars upon my grave, diaphanous pale, a bouquet of frostbitten flowers.
Transparent, melting as the anthems of death, the poems I've written are fading,
like my funeral wreath, the weave of dreams, forgotten and frozen to ice.

Petaline jewelry, as stars in the snow, to embellish the wintry embrace,
embedded in darkness, tenebrous haze, I sleep beneath their glimmering gaze.

Over my grave as a spring serenade, flowers forlorn within darkness.
The garden of galaxies frozen to frost. The orchards of Eden by roses and thorns,
overgrown, as the memories-of a landscape forgotten to sprout.
Withering beauty to vanish in patterns of withering dust - in oblivion lost.

Warm I lay in the sheets of the earth, in the dust of the withering garden.
Behind the shield of snowfall I hide - deified - as God of the grievous Eden.

Leviathan coils from the shadows of sleep to fetter my soul to the deep.
Ophidian beast from the darkness to rise, my dreams to nourish and reap.
Quadricornutus serpents, luminous black, breathing an apical hiss,
yearning to bless me with a venomous kiss, with a flickering tongue upon my lips.

Above the surface, lifeless and plain, the midwinter winds to ravage,
to scatter the remnants of memories lost, the garden withered to dust.
I sleep with the dark, silence I breathe, still waiting for life to return.
A time will come, when my death I defy, from the ashes, as a phoenix to rise.

