Year upon year, month after month;
Consumed and confused I was, lonely, hoping,
To find out a way, a cure for the pain,
Relief from that ice-casted, life of, yearning.

Fuel the flames of desire;
Tore out the chains round my heart;
Faught the cancer within me,
Which no longer tears me apart!

No reason to live, no reason to give;
A sense to my days which grew, empty, craving
The ghosts of the past, kept haunting my mind,
As time froze in misty grey glass made, paintings.

What can be done, how would you feel;
Unworthy of destiny's grace and mercy;
No thumbs up for me, a fate sealed ivy;
I no longer searched for what would have, saved me.

Fuel the flames of desire;
Tore out the chains round my heart;
Faught the cancer within me,
Which no longer tears me apart!

Like an oxidized Midas, a scalp less, Samson,
Cold and tormented, drained of life feeding strength;
Hope was so distant, feeble and dormant,
Colour blind existence, pessimistic persistence.

Good things come to those who wait, conventional wisdom, believe in fate;
But the truth of what's Ancient returns, dominant in it's truth, we're all bound to see!
One cold summer's day, like under a spell, a twine made of chance, no one can tell,
She came to me, like light through that glass, dried up the mist, chased away the past;
The colours returned, awoken at last, night turned to day and slow turned so fast
Had I finally found, the essence in life, returned from hell, alive at last!

A magic within, regenerating force;
My wounds began to heal, my mind, to feel;
Warmth re-gained control, through all of my soul;
Whom I thought could not be, had spoken to me...

The force in her eyes: live don't let die
Live don't let die for a zestful, being;
As deep as was pain, transformed into love,
Her magic embraced me and fueled my flames.

You fuel the flames of desire;
Tore out the chains round my heart;
Faught the cancer within me,
Which no longer tears me apart!
My life now has changed, no longer feel pain;
As summers grow longer and so much stronger;
For now I believe that each one will be;
Sooner or later awakened!

As lifeblood to me, what I couldn't see;
A true gift from life which I cherish, shelter;
Important to me, like water to sea;
She houses the spark to ignite my spirit.

I'll fuel your flames of desire;
Dry, all your tears;
Hold your hand as you did;
...time after time!

