[Bonus Track]Surrender your cloth and collar priest
There's no need for your beliefs in war
This is a place for heathens
Into that darkness fires illuminate
Grotesquely swollen by the heat
A half-burned corpse hanging naked
A stream is poisoned by the dead
In the ghostly light, debris of war

Lead us to the brink of extinction
The time has come for you now to finish it

What has man become a funeral pyre
Now that judgement's near prepare to die
Need to suffer lust for power mindless hunger never win

Final six is here the cycle ends

I have come for you my child
And the gift I bring is murder
Sumerian death in eastern winds
Face the father of your terror
Godless warheads wait to breath
Set their sights on history
Distant silhouettes of the dead
Blackened face screams through the ashes

Lead us to the brink of extinction
The time has come for you now to finish it

What has man become a funeral pyre
Now that judgement's near prepare to die
Need to suffer lust for power mindless hunger never win

Final six is here the cycle ends

Mankind owes his pain to hell
As he brings the end upon himself
Arms rising from the ashes
In the ghastly light of human flares
Berith soldiers capture souls
Shadows of human sacrifice
The return of everything that's dead
A cryptic promise from the heavens

Lead us to the brink of extinction
The time has come for you now to finish it

Dead flowers from a faceless head
A city engulfed by the smell of the death
Bodies piled beneath the mist
Walking dead among the living
The world will bleed while horseman ride
Now that God has wept for Judas
Days are numbered find your grave
Forever trying to escape to hell

Thanks to Metal_Dragon for sending tracks ##1, 2, 5-8, 10 lyrics.
Thanks to RyRandom for sending tracks ##3, 4 lyrics.
Thanks to davidpr87 for sending track #9 lyrics
Thanks to brayman1490 for sending track #11 lyrics.
Thanks to gardnerjohng for correcting these lyrics.
Thanks to buccola78 for correcting track #1 lyrics.
Thanks to thomashansen871 for correcting track #4 lyrics.
Thanks to charginmahlazer, optikvl for correcting track #5 lyrics.
Thanks to glo.in.the.dark.13 for correcting track #7 lyrics.
Thanks to esbam6901 for correcting track #9 lyrics.
Thanks to a723l, obsz3raphim for correcting track #11 lyrics.


