"wake up! Oh, dreaming king"
Alone, I awaken in a casket of stone under sepulchral mould
How come no-one's approaching my extravagant throne with myrrh and gold?

"Wake up! Oh, dreaming king"
Arise, my minions! Aeons have gone by since the light in your eyes did shine
By my side you would die to serve me in the afterlife

Beneath the sands
Their skeletons laugh and dance
Let all who pass
Hear the desert winds whisper my name:
"Ozymandias, what once you had will never come back
Ozymandias, you are the king of nothing..."

Be quiet!
I'm tired and I will hear nothing more of this perpetual bore
Before this is all through, oh, like slithering maggots by my feet you will crawl

Beneath the sands
Their skeletons laugh and dance
Now all who pass
Hear their mocking voices on the wind:
"Ozymandias, what once you had will never come back
Ozymandias, you are the king of nothing at all
Ozymandias, your vanity made your kingdom bleed
Ozymandias, you are the king of nothing at all"

Fools! You'd be advised not to awaken my wrath...

I gave you the world and this is how you repay me?
You watched all your enemies cast into slavery
The mountains did tremble
In fear of your King of all Kings and His empire's means

When honey and milk overflowed
And the roads they were paved with gold
These glorious stories of old
Are now told by your withering bones

Dance you fucking puppets! Ha!

"Wake up! Oh, dreaming king
Wake up, Ozymandias...
So, tell us: if you would rise again
What would you do?
What could you do
When there's nothing left in this world for the likes of you?
Nothing to conquer, nothing to prove
For nothing ever built by the hands of men will ever last
Will ever stand the test of time"

Oh, how these walls beg to differ!

Beneath the sands
Their skeletons laugh and dance
My kingdom's gone
But my name will be forever known:
"Ozymandias, what once you had will never come back
Ozymandias, you are the king of nothing at all
Ozymandias, your vanity made your kingdom bleed
Ozymandias, you are the king of nothing at all"

