[Music : Schaffer / Lyrics : Schaffer]

Through the fiery caverns we sail
Virgil at my side my guide and master
Questing through the nine plains of hell
Infernal wisdom shall fill my soul
Slowly now the days departing
The darkened air releases me
Frightening visions of my journey
Entrance me to limbo I'm not
Free

Abandon all hope who enter here
Enter the gates, Charon awaits

Abandon all hope who enter here
For this is where all things are left behind
Every doubt and every cowardice must die
Souls of rage and anger whipping in despair

The souls that wail on this plain pray for death
Denial is the reason for their suffering
Forever being stung by wasps and demons breath
The blood and tears that fall serve the maggots need

Descention, thrusting to the second plain
Minos judges as his tail twines
Lustful thoughts and greed whip these wretched souls
A hurricane of hate mocks their helpless pleas

Drifting now down deeper, into eternal flames
Awake at the third circle, the cold and filthy rain
Punished for their gluttony, languid for all time
The earth it stinks of corpses, damned for all time
The vicious beast Cerberus, three heads, blooded eyes
Tears his talons through the air, all the sinners cry

Down, be still thy cursed wolf
The master scorns its name
Dive to the next plain
The sullen and the vain
Suffer for their greed
The prodigal they bleed
For all eternity
Plutus holds the key

Damned, the wrathful and the vain
Suffer the fifth plain
Cross the river Styx
Heed your crucifix
The muddied corpses cry
Howling to the sky
Reach the other side
Open wide the gate

Enter the sixth circle of barren land and flames
Passing through the gate of dis the furies scream her name
Belching forth in agony invoking her to rise
The spirit's rage consuming us the evil in their cries
Queen of vipers, queen of serpents
Cast their souls to stone
Spread to wealth of Gorgon's power
Medusa's inner soul

We're drawing ever closer to the seventh hell
They violate their neighbors, their god and themselves
We're sailing slowly through the boiling river of blood
Immersed in the depths below souls scream in agony
The twisted beast he laughs, he draws his arrow back
His sights on anyone exposing of their flesh
He impales their hearts with ease
And shrugs their piercing screams
Pity is they'll never die
They'll suffer here eternally

Imagine a place where every horror comes to life
Where every torture is real and time stands still
Eight fiery steps and we're closer to the end

In a cold and timeless grave buried head first in shit
Praying all the while for a quick and painless death
Scratching furiously at scabbed and oozing wounds

Lucifer ... angel of light
Cast below god of ice
Ruling hell unholy trinity
The traitors freeze for all eternity
Lucifer ... betrayer of god
Tormentor ruthless and cold
Judas' screaming here in agony
The traitors freeze for all eternity

After a three year layoff, Iced Earth comes back with a vengeance. The title
track is a reflection of the troubles they'd had in the past years, and
throughout their careers. Once again, the third album brings a third singer
and third drummer.  In order to match the unique music, all Iced Earth
vocalists have had the ability to growl, scream, and sing. Matthew Barlow
also throws incredible power and emotion into the mix.  This is Iced Earth's
heaviest album, but it still retains powerful symphonic sounds and
heart-twisting acoustic passages. It also has all sorts of song structures,
time changes, and cool stuff packed everywhere. Iced Earth had some long
songs on the previous albums, but on this one they show their ability to
create a full-fledged epic.  'Dante's Inferno' takes us through the Nine
Planes of Hell for sixteen minutes, each plane something new and demonic.
This album was written during angry times -- and it shows.

Burnt Offerings
(1995, Century Media)
Jon Schaffer - Rhythm Guitar / Vocals
Randall Shawver - Lead Guitar
Matthew Barlow - Lead Vocals
Dave Abell - Bass Guitar
Rodney Beasley - Drums

Produced by Jon Schaffer and Tom Morris

Thanks to nirajpandya for correcting tracks ## 1, 6, 8 lyrics.
Thanks to legatobluegod, 6661367 for correcting track #1 lyrics.


