[Music &amp; Lyrics: Damna]

"It is my ultimate tribute to all the free women fallen under the hammer of human ignorance. Most of us
link witches to the classic image aroused by literature and later on by cinematography (like in
W.Shakespeare's Macbeth for example): of ugly old women in league with the devil, who make evil potions,
eat babies and God knows what else. In truth they were all just normal individuals who dared to think
differently or tried to set themselves free from the binds of moral or religious narrow-minded thinking,
or were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. This is for all of them, may their souls rest in
peace."

Incubus, Succubus
Quaestio de Strigibus

- QUAESTIO PRIMA -
Wandering back, back in time oh what have you learnt?
Of all the blood that was spilled, of all the witches burnt
Filth and greed, vicious deeds, the holy rise and fall
Killing in the name of the one who died for you all
Centuries, centuries the wait has been so long
Now you would expect intolerance to be gone
Still the one who yearn for a sigh of relief to come
Are seen as outcast sinners, blasphemous unholy scum

Thirteen souls, the witches of the coven
Hiding in the shadows of the night
Blessed be their wombs, without which we would not be
Born in freedom, bred to heal the world

- QUAESTIO SECUNDA -
Set to burn at the stake. The heartless witches' bane
Sisters of free spirit, cursed to die in vain
Hammer crushed, blood gushed, skin was ripped apart
Devilmen and church-beasts, butchers of the magical arts
Nightshade cloves, hemlock groves, the cauldron starts to boil
One-Two double trouble, One-Two double toil
Wool of bat, owl's claw, of wolf the tooth, the gulf and maw
The lived as living scarecrows, and that's all what we recall

Uncluoded souls, the witches of the coven
Dancing naked, on the Sabbat Night
Blessed be their hearts, without which we would not love
Born in freedom, bred to heal the world

- QUAESTIO TERTIA -
On a broomstick they fly before sunrise
Persecuted, with fear hunted down
On a broomstick they run away from their homes - their own homes
Fly away from this natural born chaos
To a hidden place for the weak and diverse
I watch them with pity. In the darkness
See the fire that burns away
See. It slowly fades away
Breathing in darkness, walking in darkness
We won't be living another day

- CANTICUM -
The witches still gather round a circle of fire
Together side by side, under the starlit sky
The witches will gather and their spirits will fly
Together side by side, in the middle of the night

- QUAESTIO QUARTA -
I ride! I ride with them in a circle of fire
Beyond... Save me, save me!
What's bad to all of you is good, so good to a little few
Watch out 'cause the are going to burn you, burn in hell!

- ACCUSATIO -
CARMAN - white queen of evil
DUB - the darkness
DOTHER - black daughter of evil
DIAN - the violence

- QUAESTIO QUINTA -
The sea of blood is running
All the pain of the innocent will remain
The moon high above is watching and praying and showing her love
Like a star deep in the night, she'll start to shiver and will look so bright

[Guitar solo: Aydan]

- CONCLUSIO -
And the day will fade like a stream that is dying,
There won't be any circle, nor magical rites... no more
We tried to come, we tried to show you the goodness of the stars
...of the moon, but you failed miserably And we paid... we paid...
We paid...

Aydan: Guitars, Vocals (choirs)
Damna: Vocals
Rafahel: Guitars
Lethien: Violin
Symohn: Drums
Jakob: Bass, Vocals (choirs)


Thanks to Silmadrunion for correcting track #3 lyrics.
Thanks to bluespart for correcting track #8 lyrics.


