[Lyrics: Key, Kersey - Music: Key, Kersey]

I read the other day that Bob was sad because his girlfriend was talking to her ex when she found that he had sex with his ex wife that ruined his life by making post about the time he cheated on her with his old boss now he's single, and unemployed and he said his life is completely destroyed AND I DON'T GIVE A SHIT

Sally made a post about eating a chocolate lasagna pizza
which she eats every time she feels alone and I DON'T GIVE A SHIT.
Then Sam replied that he's there for her and she can come over to dry her tears
I know that he's plotting to get her drunk and I DON'T GIVE A SHIT!

Hey you, what do you read? Something negative or something bleak?
Your digital confessions of depression are an obsession
The lack of your discretion leads to my increased aggression
You make me wanna punch you right in the face... book.

Sadface emoticon
I'm formatting my social life and you don't belong.
YOU'RE GONE
No more attention for the shit that don't matter
I'm apathetic towards your blubbering blather

John just made a post proclaiming he's hasn't eaten since noon today
A burger and fries sound really good and I DON'T GIVE A SHIT
And Jack replied like "Dude, next time won't you ASK if you want me to get you something"
Then Lisa said you shouldn't eat meat AND I THINK I'M GONNA

HIDE YOUR POST, HIDE YOUR BLOG
I don't give a shit, shut up.

All that I ever wanted
Was to reach out to my friends
Instead I'm drowning in sea of
Bitching, whining, moaning and
Complaining about the weather BLOCK
Fighting with your lover BLOCK
Griping about the government BLOCK
Preaching about the environment BLOCK
I hate my parents... BLOCK
I lost my wallet... BLOCK
I'm totally bored... BLOCK
I feel so... BLOCK
I... BLOCK
But... BLOCK
Please... BLOCK

Awwww, did I hurt your feelings? Oh well, I guess I'll never know.

I've put up with the dramathon for way too long. YOU'RE GONE
I'll do with away with all the Jerry Springer
By clicking delete using my middle finger

