It's all a lie, It's all alive. Let me try to understand this. Let me see this from your point of view. 
Everything is yours to keep and the lives of all are none of your concern. To you we're bottom feeders, 
to you we're born for the slaughter, everyone is here to die and your means to an end is just the plan in play. 
So when this comes to pass, will it be your hand on the trigger, to prey upon the hopeless? In your eyes, 
to see the millions screaming. All the millions who line the streets and gaze upon the shameful crown that's yours to bear, 
will you fear the burning glares of hate? All the millions who breathe the lies, who never make it through the night. 
The pieces set in line, and pawns have made their move to be the driving force of this power they can't contain. 
They know not what they do but the march will carry on to unredeemable ends, even with no prize in sight. 
The pieces set in line, and pawns have made their move to be the driving force of this power they can't contain or conceive. 
Feeding into the guile, feeding into a downward spiral. Feeding into the guile into the hands, into the hands of control. 
Playing into game, falsely placing the blame, only dividing. It's all a lie, It's all alive. Let me try to understand this. 
Let me see this from your point of view. Everything is yours to keep and the lives of all are none of your concern. 
To you we're bottom feeders, to you we're born for the slaughter, everyone is here to die and your means to an end 
is just the plan in play. So when this comes to pass, will it be your hand on the trigger, to prey upon the hopeless? 
Is this all a part of your plan to seize this world, and drown all hope with fear and pain. Will you bring us to our knees 
and build the cage that destroys our dreams and breaks the child? Will you be the one they tell us to behold, that bears 
the mark of the beasts of old? Are you the end they foresaw, the final doom to return us to the grave and end all our faith in this life?

Jackson Jordan – Bass
Greg Donnelly – Drums
Jeffrey Morgan – Guitars
John Abernathy – Guitars (lead)
Mikey Powell – Vocals




