[instrumental]
[music: Christopher]

THIS ALBUM IS EXCLUSIVELY DEDICATED TO THE IMMORTAL KINGDOM OF UNDERGROUND AND
TO ALL TRUE DEATH METAL HORDES WORLDWIDE !!!

Christopher about Lies ...

taken and translated from Spark magazine, 2/96, interview by Robert 'Bob' Zelenka

The Truth About Lies - shows our time as it is. Lots of lies and deception,
not only in life, also in music, among the bands. Envy, dirty lies. One can
work very hard for a long time, then comes someone who lies about you and a
lot of people are influenced by it even if it's not true. You can't deny
anybody their own words, but how many times you lie to yourself, lie about
lies ...?
Unnecessarity - sometimes one finds itself in a difficult situation and the
reality of life is a problem for them. They are ties, chained and don't know
how to get on, nothing goes the way they would like it to. This happens very
often.
Short Report On The Ritual Carnage - basically a song describing a
slaughterhouse. An extreme, but excellent idea - to put man into surroundings,
where this song takes place.
Tears, Hope And Hate - you want what you cannot have, you are in reach ... you
shout without a response, cry without tears, are afraid without fear ... This
song is stylewise similar to ones from the previous album; a classical death
metal thing.
Pain Of Bleeding Hearts - is basically about people nobody cares about. They
have a problem with their body, for instance, and you have to close your eyes
while looking at them. They become just human shells, crying for help. They
cannot manifest their own feelings, which may not be answered.
Rebirth Of Blasphemy - sheer heretic lyrics, dealing with heresy in deep.
There is a truth about faith here, which can manipulate masses into false
belief. A judgement of Chritian fanaticism, which can become very dangerous.
This is not only a belief into something imaginary but an organization of
people.
Imperator (Strikes Again) - a very old song, recorded first in 1988. It still
has something to say and we had an idea of using it on "Lies". It has a new
look and the fans still want it.
Stonedream - even dreams can be very hard. Sometimes, a dream is so
persuasive, that one can tell, when awake, whether it was reality or really a
dream.
Believe... - is an instrumental song. I can say that playing guitar has become
a drug for me; when I play just for myself, I make some instrumental things,
too. I try to put my mood an things I have in mind all the time into them. I
didn't want to include this song anywhere, I just wanted to record it. Bruno
went very enthusiastic about the song and so we put them on the record,
although I was a bit hesitant about it. Now I am glad it's there; fans like
it.


