Darkness entwine, she is night and is mine.
Horn in the silence spawned forth from the abyss.
Her immortal soul wrought with sloth, bought and sold.
Her heart wrenched with pain that the whore doth sustain.
See her breast heave it's last breath no more.
Bewitchment of weakness thy wings spread in restlessness.
He may be history, thou art folklore.

Silence shrouds her necromantic phantasies.
She painteth upon the midnight winter chill.
Movements languid, a specter, and a ghostly shade of grey.
She breaths unease into the hearts of man, and gently molds his will.

The bitch bath heritage in feminine wake.
Spells cast from the bonfires burn masculine skies.
With stars as the kindling, the smoke chokes the siblings.
Of equality praise forthcoming demise.
Rise from thy grave, dawn thy wretched remains.
As a cloak to thy form, thou art true.
Claim your throne of witchcraft my gothic queen.
Now the goddess she eth striketh, with deviltry, pure and new.

Returned she cums in anger, to claim sex as her own.
Divine is the lesbian murderous slut,
Hamlet mistake in frailty's form.
Carmilla prevails when on trial for her evil,
But somewhere between the violence and the violins...
A rose for the dead grows in Lucifer's garden.
A flower of hate from the jezchel soil.
What death makes stronger will rise, when the leminine awake?
Deviltry thy name is a woman, there is wine.
In the vaginal chalice of truth...where hast thou been?

Cursed is the daughter of the darkest tomb.
Of innocence, it was created of such phallic fallacies.
Heart as blacketh as the starless night.
She shuns her counterpart, bred as an unfortunate flaw of nature.

See how she haunts the hallowed halls of her story.
Dastardly deeds of a girl and her scorn.
Becoming a poltergeist, tragic and triumphant.
Mistress of pleasure your legend is born.
A breed of a vampyric, sexual creed.
Populate in new ways she shall find.
The men may conspire, but all will expire.
Just ashes and agony trailing behind.

Succubus suck the Earth...

