Ty, ktory lasy ogarnales piorunow plaszczem,
Ty, ktory wichrem karmisz dzieci swe,
Wzbudziles morze nienawisci w ich umyslach,
Jak Baltyk brzegi swe, Ty otuliles swiete gaje...

Stare deby pochylily grzbiety swe w poklonach,
Piorunowy, swiety ogien konczy taniec...
Plasy milkna, strzygi chyla lby ku niebu,
Czekajace nagie wilki...

Slodycz Twa i cieplo czuje coraz blizej,
Tys lonem matki mej i sila,
Ziemia, lasem, polem, laka, gajem...
Esencja zycia, magia, ktora zyje.
Ciemnoscia zwa Cie Ci, dla ktorychs wrogiem,
zblakana owca, wezem, smiercia w trwodze,
Ramiona meznych wojow pna Twoj posag wzwyz,
Tys nie herezja ale prawda plunal w krzyz!

Stare deby pochylily grzbiety swe w poklonach...

Grom niech bedzie Twym zwiastunem,
brzaskiem imperium w chwale czekanego,
Dzwonem w poganskie serca bitym,
Oltarzem prawdy, duma oraz krwia okrytym.

Niech Grom zapowie Twe nadejscie,
Godzine zemsty, boskiej rozpaczy,
nadejda nowe, potezne czasy,
O sile Twej szumia pomorskie lasy...
Majestatycznie...

Stare deby pochylily grzbiety swe w poklonach...

Behemoth:
Nergal - all guitars, lead voices, accoustics
Baal Ravenlock - hellhammers, shadowvoices
Les - bulldozer bassaxes

Recorded in December 1995, January'96, Released on German SOLISTITIUM REC.,
CD./pic. LP version, Licensed to polish ATRATUS MUSIC and released on cassette
version only.

Nergal's comment:
"The first album on a new label and first significant changes in music,
ideology and finally line up. Due to all these things the final shape of the
album differs so much from what we've done before...it's definitely a great
step further in our musical development (and it'll be followed with each next
recording). New deal, new possibilities, new chance and the first European
tour. It was the first time for us to present our strength to a wider audience
and it really helped the band a lot. We gained lotsa live experience and must
admit we felt quite comfortable with the line up of the tour, the bands we
played with, the dates, places we invaded...everything was really enjoyable,
and eventhough it was done by the label and ourselves we truly succeeded. The
new songs were and still are amongst the fave ones people long to hear live.
Personally I treat this album in a bit different way than other things we did,
it has some special, quite bizarre and very unique atmosphere...as always,
each Behemoth's album is another step towards professionalism and
unstopability. We are proud of everything we did in the past however we are no
more into making the same sort of stuff...Still songs like "The dark forest",
"Dragon's lair" or "Spellcraft &amp; Heathendom" belong to the band's strongest
tunes ever! Concluding this speech I have to say that after this album we
realised how many things can be changed in the future and how much there is to
learn...anyway, such a situation provides us a permanent development and is
our mark of quality as we disrespect everything that makes us feel stagnated".

Thanks to Tiago Cattani for sending tracks #5, #8 lyrics.


