"Non vides, ut maiorem quamque fortunam maior ira comitetur? In divitibus et nobilibus et magistratibus praecipue apparet, cum quidquid leve et inane in animo erat secunda se aura sustulit."
Lucius Annaeus Seneca

The beast that was born of the abyss,
Fell in the hands of a wise intellect,
The young prince grew up with judicious eye
And he was wisely taught and recked
Nights passed, and the days went along with the woesome lives of innocents,
Tormentor grew and filled with drills,
Forged justice and his eyes, that were so clear, poured with anger, madness limitless!
Sage taught him, raised a decent lord,
But still out of control,
More seldom despot called the sage in his grey-drear abode
Inside the animal the blood was boiling lava-like, he screamed to heaven –
"...Ye my slaves, I am your ruler!"

The blackened streets of greatest city are full with vanity and blood!
In wise’s silence, bloody caesar sensed a conspiracy and mud
He sat before him on the throne as the hyena ripe to lace
Got sage to take the knife to write a manifesto of his death!
Old hand was shaking, but not from the fear of imminent outcome,
That's an outrage that flowed from eyes of emperor of Rome!
Blood leaves the thinker’s body, the air was sated with last moans
The dogs shall eat orator’s body and tyrant’s laughter shook the walls!

Jolly feast was funeral and wine turned sour bane
Tentative steps jarred walls, step by step, down lane
The master came, around him the jubilant salutions
And moans of protesters, betrayal’s blood, pollutions...
The court imbued with ochlocracy, claiming the new blood!
To vent from Orkus the filth of demons’ flood!

The puppet wrapped the puppeteers in frightened rags of rue
He tramples them into the dust of Roman era, new
He does not want to wait… for hour of his time (it’d come!)
He burns all wretched human frame, in veins of him a grime

The law of emperor is blessed! And lawlessness – a law!
He knows it, but soldiers’ yelling: «Ave Nero, Ave Rome!»

