"Salve Vesta Mater!
Accipe hoc sacrificium factum meo artificio
Purga mentem. Purga corporem. Purga animum.
Ita est.

Lux lucis cado!
Lux lucis cado!
Lux lucis cado!"

He saw a bloody corpse of mother
And smirked and touched her bleeding limbs,
Light fell - a carnal daemon's singing his foul hymns!
Then came the age of doom of lord
Bestowed bread and gold to plebs,
Which turn in throats to liquid dirt -
The ceasar's madness webs!

And despot did not know that war between his mind and pride's been furoring inside!
It ran through veins and deadened every cell
A hundred souls burned alive with screechings: "Die, die, die!!!"
And sinking into tolerance the actor changed Great Rome
Into the greatest theatre of crowds missed a home
Of funeral where emperor bathed in the blood of swarm

He played the songs, and sowed the darkness, and bathed in night of glory
And female blood poured out from wombs, and brought forth caitiff story!
The great, the only winner walked and shook all divine's rapt
The laurels fell and weakest bodies of all, raved covenant!
In animal skin, butcher attacked alive, raped, tore their flesh,
The branded believed that racked by paws of beast,
But it was their father and his atrocities

...And with shade of confusion his mind was clouded, and strength's no more to fight with larvae,
And anger captivated body, awoken from the darkness the ceasar realized that he
Had killed his hopes of flesh and light!

Plebs killed the plebs, and skies fulfilled with human flesh!
Blood gushed through streets of Rome - the flood of violence and trash
The bigot bathed in blood and went mad from the glory that he loved,
Slaves were in silence, when senators applauded Nero, "dirty-gloved"!
And all was silent, only pyres were lit by fiery tunics!
The merciless was maddened highly - the daemons howl many shrieks...
Mane et nocte...

Without limit, the conductor of misanthropic symphony
Pined in his own sap away, but all beat timpani!

All colours merged into grey Mercury, the living became dead and lords were slaves
He leaned against a pool with dust, and shouted: "Here is my drink, I give it to ye - plebs!"

Mali principii - malus finis!

