[southamerican bonus track]

[Music and Lyrics by D.Gildenlow]

Through a dusty window I watch the clouds draw near 
A lovely vision of my doom 
The sunlight's fading - reflections start to dim 
Through the dusty window in this room

I'm walking through my memories as I'm staring through the glass 
I have to claim I'm innocent 
Though I can't remember what I've done these past few nights 
I can't be the one that Father Kane believes I am 

I see myself now, in the dusty glass 
All wired up in this chair 
My face is foreign and my weary eyes are black 
I see myself through that stare 

Eternal alleys that lead to walls hidden behind unlocked doors 
I claim the handle, I need to see 
Even though I'll surely be afraid of what I may find... 

...beyond the mirror! 
(Inside the circle) 

I walk through mazes of cold corridors 
Searching for the core of my mind 
My heartbeats reach out to find another pulse 
That once was bound and confined 

The two different heartbeats, becoming one 
Are causing the coalescence of my soul 
A quiet outcry - a silent scream - is filling me as I am driven back 
From shadows that dwell... 

...beyond the mirror! 
(Inside the circle) 

[Hallgren/D.Gildenlow/Both/Hallgren/D.Gildenlow/Both]

My world is frozen as I'm staring through the glass
Gazing through the window at my memories 
Not longer foreign 
Though I somehow wish...they were 

The glowing fingers of a violent raging sky 
In search for evil find a path 
They rush through my veins, they invite my pulse to die 
They end my life with frenzied wrath 

Amidst the shadows of whisper land 
I feel that something's binding me to life 
Confined in nowhere by no ones hand 
I realize the pact is unfulfilled 
I'm trapped on the edge... 

...beyond the mirror! 
(Inside the circle)

Concept idea and all lyrics by D.Gildenlow 97-98    

Excerpts, quotes and poems:

Spirit of the Land: At the World Uranium Hearing, David Sweeney presented
this poem with these words: 'I learned that a friend and a comrade has just
died of cancer.  ...he was passionate against the nuclear industry and he was
passionate for indigenous rights. His name was John Renshaw and he was
quite an honourable man. He wrote a poem not long before he passed on...'  

Inside: a quote by Mohandas K. Gandhi.  

The Big Machine and Water contains excerpts from D. Gildenlow's essay
'Waterwar'.  

New Year's Eve: a quote by Elmer Diktonius.  

Handful of Nothing: first quote by Boake Carter and second by Alan Paton.  

All quotes in Home and Black Hills are excerpts from James Garrett's speech
held at the World Uranium Hearing.  

Pilgrim: 'In Fire' -  poem by D. Gildenlow.  

Shore Serenity: World Watch Magazine. 

Both quotes in Inside Out are excerpts from Lorraine Rekman's speech held
at the World Uranium Hearing 

Sources:

Daniel Gildenlow's studies at the University of Gothenburg (Peacework and
Radiation Physichs) 
"Waterwar" (essay by D.Gildenlow) 
Several books about water written by the following writers and scientists:
Malin Falkenmark, Tore Wizelius, Reinhold Castensson, Anna Wieslander, E.
Correll/A. Swain, Hjart-Lungfonden and SIDA.  
Books about environment and war by Gudrun Utas, J.Eder/A-K.Olsen, Ken Keyes
Jr., Greenpeace, P.Wallensteen, Adler/Lundstrom/Angstrom and report 3698
from Naturvardsverket. 

We have used excerpts from speeches by Lorraine Rekman, James Garrett and
David Sweeney (originally held at the World Uranium Hearing Conference in
Salzburg 1992) with kind permission from the Poison Fire, Sacred Earth
organisation which is warmly recommend as a source for further information.

I (Daniel G.) have also found much help and inspiration in Carl Sagan's
'The Dragons of Eden - speculations of the evolution of human intelligence'
and the works of Douglas Adams 

Recorded during spring 1998 at Roasting House Studios. Produced by Anders
Theo Theander and Pain of Salvation. Mastered by Rockfile Mastering and
Pain of Salvation. Artwork by Patrik Larsson/Peel Productions. 

Fredrik Hermansson-keyboards
Johan Hallgren-quitars
Daniel Gildenlow-vocals/quitars
Kristoffer Gildenlow-bass
Johan Langell-drums


Thanks to lmbc for sending tracks #12, #13 lyrics.


