[Music: D.Gildenlow]

'In time of war the first casualty is truth.'  'What broke in a man when he
could bring himself to kill another?'  

We've seen it before but safe on our suburb screens  
Now I am here in the flesh  
A witness of war in this godforsaken scene  
Far from those grey walls  
See children with guns hatred and fear in their eyes  
They shoot to release their pain  
A conflict to solve no matter if someone dies  
Protecting our interests...
Look around, soon there'll be but ruins to be found  
Winner will be the last that stands  
Lethal moves in a game of chess for the depraved  
King or Pawn? Are you worth to save?  
(What is the prize for this game we play?)   
(And who are the ones that finally pay?)    

If we eat more we'll get a handful of nothing  
We'll be swallowing dirt  
If we push more we'll get a fistful of enough  
We'll be swallowing blood   

They told me that we could actually save human lives  
That armies would preserve the peace  
And my work would save, solve and build bonds  
Only lies!  
And I fed their wallets...   

It's strange how we speak of civilised views  
While we buy that media warface they sell  
A makeup for "Them" so we can decide who's to die  
Cause we love it easy:   

Here they are - take a good look at the beasts of war!  
Let the rain wash that paint away:  
Deep inside everyone's a mothers little child  
Longing home, lost and led astray  
And we prey on this decay!   

If we eat more we'll get a handful of nothing  
We'll be left with the dirt  
If we push more we'll get a fistful of enough  
I leave this machine...   

I left my life to ease my pain  
But I cannot find that cleansing rain...  
Look around soon there'll be but ruins to be found  
We can change - it's all in our minds...  
[-D. Gildenlow]

Step by step hate controls every heart every soul  
Every gun pointed at those we paint as Enemies  
We provide what they need to let the game proceed  
Stuck in machines somewhere we build the cross they bear  
Arm to solve, kill to save... God I've felt how it smells!  
"My land's my home" - we're blind!  
I'm sick of the blood I find!  
Step by step greed controls every heart every soul  
Arm to kill, kill to live - God how could I believe...

