[performed by Spectral Lore]The horizon, an unfathomable darkness 
Beacons of light within, gleam dimly 
From the farthest of existence 

The offspring observes 
A history written in reverse 
Leading to 
One Exhalation 

Of an unknown breath. 

Parallel structures emerge 
Between incomparable proportions 
Revealed symmetry 
From aberrant appearance. 

Awareness paints a mirage of self-singularity 
From it, a volition of immortality. 

The vessel of intellect 
Thrusts the sight, light years away 
An acceleration bending the fabric of spacetime 
Leading into the Heart of the Cosmos. 

Wandering the blackened void, there lie 
Elemental whispers of the primordial Ordinance 

Attracting each other, forming clouds 
Which collapse into higher densities 

A unity of spherical mass 
With a diadem as umbilical chord. 

Thus, the God-Kings are born 
The ever-burning forges of the cosmos 
Bearers of the strength to meld the core of matter together 
Condensing into weight, forcing into substance 
From the remnants, their children arise 
Hearth-givers and messengers to them alike. 

The sight, however wondrous, returns incomplete 
A rope of one lineage connects existence all throughout 
From weightless elements to beasts of metal mass 
From oneness to mind-bending complexity. 

Spectral, though, is the hand that infuses with spirit 
If it is not grabbed, how won't it always vanish? 
When even Gods one day fade out. 

The dream is dying, the mirror cracking 
The begetter cannot protect the offspring 
From the blazing fate of his own demise 
Yet, lays down all else in their grasp. 

Within the endless dark sea of unknowing 
The rays of far-away beacons 
Still conjoin in patterns meaningful 

An explosion of evitability 
The self-transforming agents 
Divine feedback mechanisms 
Returning the sight inwards 

We are Soldiers 
Volition of the Universe 
Sentinels of All 

Murderers of Self 
Scorners of Oblivion 

Impermanence and transformation 
Complexity and bonding 
Progression of Logos, 
Extra-conscious transcendence 

A spiral path we must walk 
Towards an ever-dark horizon.

