Out of the sea and no longer wind-driven, an ominous shore beckoned him
Murmurous waves comforted thy rebirth from the wamb of the strangling ocean
Kardios - sprawled on a while coast, alive and ashore far from home
Reminding the garden where a tune brought mischief a quivering shadow slid across him! 

All of a sudden something towered before him, an assembly of giants older than time
Weakend and weary with a harassing arcanum they eyed Kardios, Nephol their name
Further they heard Kardios' tale, Enek and Yod and Lotay
Solemn silence fell upon them for Theona's Atlantis was drowned in the sea... 

Out of the sea - from dark waters he rose
Kardios - bearing the burden and throe of memory
Theona overrade the presage of old
Kardios, who drowned the isle kingdom... kissing the kiss of death! 

In bright unbroken beams from the far untold unknown
Like a torrent of foam he came
An obscure structure without shape or form
Coming from the skies faster than light 

"Atlantis, Atlantis has flowered forever
For Theona has resigned as her queen
Worshipped and honored and loved but kissed never...
So is Theona and always has been" 

"Fairer Theona than moon or than sun
Fairer stan stars in the vault of the skies
No man can say when her reign has begun
Lovely and queenly and regal and wise 

So it was told by the gods in high heaven
Atlantis shall live and forever prevail
Until her sweet lips in a love-kiss are given
So runs the prophecy, so says the tale
Forever Atlantis has flowered but this
Is told of Theona - the moment that she grants
To a lover the boon of a kiss
Atlantis, Theona will drown in the sea..." 

Out of the sea - seeking remission
Predestination - the harper from the sea
Nephol island - sullen from a riddle, known as filth
Exemption from a substance they called Fith... 

Fith subsisted and throve of Nephal flesh
Brought upset and turmoil
Burdened with dismay anf bereft of hope
The giants hearts failed them 

Devoured with ambition he was led before a well
Once the home of spirits, convenient of Fith
A weird blotch of wastness to separate the sun
Far below the well a pallid spot of silver light 

Peering in the void old Atlantis came to mind
Theona's tender eyes in the raging, roaring flood
An edge of icy-blue from the cave community
To combat Fith and cast off the burden memory! 

Prepared well for the finale he descended to Fith, the luminous mass from the stars
The flaplike projection thrusted Kardios with a touch like a tongue of bright flames
But the glow of awareness in Fith's tissue blinked out, the panting breath labored then stopped!
So it was told and freedom was given to the giant kin, Nephol their name! 

"My sword was wonders shall we twain not do?
The world is ours to roam and render clean
Against whatever peril comes in view
My arm is strong, your point and edge are keen" 

"For storming citadels for holding clear
From sail and sloth, for glory in the sun
For showing enemies the face of fear
My good companion, you and I are one!" 

Out of the sea - remission was found
Kardios - the straggler from the sea
Farewell to the cave community
Walking past the trunks he hummed Theona's tune...

