[lyrics by Dark(and Vassago) music by Dark and Vassago]

In the shadow-side of life, in a dark and mystic midwinter-night a child was
born in ice and frost-like fire an immortal child, an evil spirit.
Before his birth he walked this earth with hatred and desires - desires to
crush what he hates. In hell he belongs, like the moon in the sky.
To grant himself what the unknown knows he submerged underneath his earthly
life - underneath the surface of this earth, into the realm of a thousand
burning souls and questioned the elder demons for their ancient wisdom.
"Oh, mighty demons... Evil demons... I am worthy... ...speak upon me and
grant me your knowledge so that I can inherit my throne of fire and reign by
your side"
His eyes started to burn, his blood boiled as a majestic choir spoke upon
him: "Your wish is granted"
He screamed in tongues unto the mighty demons, in rejoice and pain. With the
blood of his very own soul he was baptised in the name of the northern prince
of hell, and of all the unclean spirits.
Immortal he was and demonized he became the prince of darkness was born. The
agitator for the forthcoming humans on earth. Onward to the battle against
the ones he despises and hates, his journey now has begun. In heaven this
victorious battle will end (evil has won) another kingdom will rise from the
earth- the kingdom of a thousand burning souls, humans shall kneel in front
of me- their master, my word will be their law- enslavement! Now the war has
begun, tears and blood falls to the frozen and holy ground, the sounding from
the swords and screams of angels echoes in the war-filled skies Ah... blood
and screams- cries and agony
Demons, I summon you. hear my hail. Come forth and gather here, we have won
this battle is won I spit on their cross, this is my realm with a thousand
burning souls where I shall rule for eternity- it is my destiny!
Let the fire of hell touch the sky!!!
"Spawns of damnation let your spirits fly, sons of darkness hold your banner
high. You divided and conquered, with bejewelled hate
we are the proud ones that crushed the holy gate
we slayed with our swords and our lust
dawn is gone this is the final dusk
burn the angel-wings with the fire of hell drink their holy blood and cast
down a spell
the skies are filled with blood and fire
ooh yes...this is my desire
earth to us, ashes of angels and dust of heaven"
In the shadow-side of life with burning desire
I, Satan's son, was born in frost-like fire.
In darkness I belong like the moon in the sky.
Witnessed by the almighty god in heaven
drowned in the holy blood of angels
he screamed in blasphemous voice;
I've crushed the heavenly paradise- ha!
Silence surrounded him
though he heard some beautiful moaning
a whispering but yet so clear:
"Oh my god, why have you abandoned us"
it was the agonised choir of angels that silently faded away
and god wept, your god wept, your pathetic god wept !!!



