The dew-laden vines,
Tinseled the black gate,
Their globules of morning refracting,
In such a manner as to lure one into,
The manor, itself.
An enticing Victorian charm,
Doth pull and often spellbind.

The creaking of the arched door,
Signifies one's curiosity has (led)
Them to this place, unblessed...
Into hands vindictive and coarse.
Slinking forward into lemon light,
Cast by a sole waxen guide.
(Their means)

Of entry or retreat is loudly, promptly sealed.

Provoking a swiveling of heads and eyes that wander.
Subtly instilling a sense of enclosure.
Imposing the will of a structure and its keepers.
Conducting prodded faith and second guesses.

As I will it, so shall it be.
Those who've pried are coiled in spectral gathering.
Whispy and aglow, wincing in the thick mist.
All is not nor will end well. Certain one can be of this.
Emerging from the woodwork,
Ornamentation woven with their faces.
(They are in the walls)
The house into which you have crept.
Lives, breathes and you will all be turned to dolls.

Lumbering separately outward,
Adrift once more into obscurity.
Puzzled in disbelief.

A porcelain face painted delicately and with patience,
Oiling...blotted, blended and feathered with great finesse.
Manipulating levers, bookcases that secretly revolve do bring,
Convene and appropriate one's prey with ease.

Absorbing the very essence of each being,
Into the walls, trimwork, floor and ceiling.
Prompting the preparation of a kiln.
Vanishing, becoming a piece of what it is to be...
Dead... or part of something that is more.

As I will it, so shall it be.
Those who've pried are coiled in spectral gathering.
Whispy and aglow, wincing in the thick mist.
All is not nor will end well. Certain one can be of this.
Emerging from the woodwork,
Ornamentation woven with their faces.
(They are in the walls)
The house into which you have crept.
Lives, breathes and you will all be turned to dolls.

Forever to lurk within,
That composed of horror with us... eternally haunting in Night Shade.



