[A Cosmic Drama, Part IV]

[500 B.C. A Greek historian, Herodot, is visiting ancient Egypt. His quest is the origin of intelligent life. The priests of Osiris' temples offer him deliveries about the Annunaki, the gods from the vanished 10th planet, Phaethon]

Herodot: "Eight silent chambers sleep untouched,
I've seen the fire-birds of Heliopolis
Osiris' sons have told the truth
We are creation of the gods from Phaethon.

Their PROJECT LIFE has failed on Earth,
The breed of Enlil grows, the origin is denied
The keys to knowledge are forlorn,
We are condemned or so the tablets of Sumer say."

[7000 B.C. The Foundation of Deneb is at war with Phaethon, while the chambers of scientist Enlil are sleeping underneath the surface of a blooming planet called Earth. 24 years of war and evocation finally broke the resistance of Phaethon...]

"Phaethon - loveless sons
You are fading

Terminus - endless war
Space is deep and cold
Space is deep and cold
Space is deep and cold"

Annunaki: "Phaethon, ancient dreams we dream,
In this endless universe forever yearn
Tears in stone, how could we be so blind,
No one's left there to remain our work"

And so a war came to Phaethon a million years ago,
A final cry through the universe
And all the hopes,
All the fears are gone...
Lost in space...

Vergangen ist was gestern war
Sternenstaub im wind
Alte schätze, wunderbar
Die längst verloren sind
Mir ist kalt
Die sonne wärmt mich nicht
Denn sie wuáte nie
Was liebe ist

[2000 A.D. Nothing is left of Phaethon but infinite dreams and shreds of something we can't touch. The Foundation is still observing the blue planet and the descendants of the 10th planet]

"to the High Council of Deneb Prime
This is Outpost-Planet-2-Of-Sol,
The war is won and Phaethon is gone - forever,
A million asteroids is all that's left,
We are confident there is no epitaph
Left in space
Left in space
Left in space

"Phaethon, ancient dreams we dream,
In this endless universe forever yearn
Tears in stone, how could we be so blind,
No one's left there to remain our work

Phaethon, ancient dreams we dream,
In this endless universe
Forever
Forever..."

