[Line-up:]
[IT: guitars, talk and whispers]
[Winter: drums]
[Mourning: bass]
[ALL: vocals]

I sit in loneliness and watch the meaning of my past.
It dances and twitches then it lays down and dies.
I see the morning sky tremble and then it open and begin to cry
as night falls and darkness fills my room... whispering thoughts haunt
me,
my candle burns low.
Can I find my fate ? Can I be one with my desire ?
The perchment of my future burns fast and I burn myself
badly in my futile attempt to save it.
The black blood of my heart weeps, in every tear a part of myself.
I have features of youth but a soul of age.
Why can't I see the web of lies my life is based upon so I can cut
them
and become one with the sky ? I long for the harmony... the peace
within me.
I wish to see myself in the burning light of truth and no longer be a
victim of hate.
I search for the purity in me... I search in my blood...
I open my vein to see what ever it may be.
And as the red rivers of my life flow from its tunnels and caves...
I see lies and falseness die.
I'm fading away, drowing in a thick mist of burning ice.
I'm showered in the blood of dying hate and I feel pure.
I'm taken to the breast of my truth and I'm reborn.

Necropolis Records (USA) -  1997
Re-mixed at Helvete Studios
by M. Bohlin &amp; IT
All songs produced by IT

Once upon a time... Well, I could have started up that
way, but this is not a fairy-tale. The band Ophthalamia
and all that it stands for is for real. This is not going
to be a letter from a rock star to his fans, I just wanted
to write some words and explain a few things about the
album. This album was made because of that we have not
released anything in a couple of years. The band has had
its problems: line-up changes, people having other things
to do, bad luck with labels and I have been like a
overcharged cannon with double cracks working with VONDUR,
ABRUPTUM and an enormously rapid growing HORDE. Shortly I
did it because I felt like it. Many have been the nights
that I've been laying awake thinking about the phenomena
of Ophthalamia and I have realised that such a phenomena
should not be torn to pieces. I have made my mind, I will
NOT let Ophthalamia die for another couple of years
anyway. Also let me explain that Ophthalamia is not some
kind of project by people from other bands... We are a
REAL band that is really working hard. A lot of time has
passed since I raised the band and a lot of strange things
have occured but I guess I'm just unstoppable. Ophthalamia
is unstoppable. You might ask yourself why I chose the
pictures and the art for the album the way I did. Well...
as you might notice some of the people on the pictures are
not even featured on the songs. I simply chose the photos
and the art on this album... yes, because I felt for it.
You might also notice badly tuned guitars, singers
forgetting their lines, some drumming out of beat etc.,
but actually who gives a fuck?? Just be lucky I provided
you with some of the greatest cult recordings ever. And
what seemed corporal melted like breath into the wind...

Darkness IT shall be - IT September 1996

Post Scriptum: have you noticed my friend The Grey Death
on the cover?


